You know what I do is to write for the kids, and in fact, I'm probably the author for kids, more read in the United States.
And I always tell people I don't want to look like a scientist.
I can look at a farmer or leather clothes, and no one has ever chosen a farmer.
I'm here to talk to you today about circles and epidemics.
And you know that an expansion is usually something that falls into some place.
You just have to go back to the apple to see it as an epidemic.
That's the painting of a circle.
A friend of mine did that -- Richard Baliba.
It's the kind of complicated cycle of which I'm going to talk about.
My circle started in the middle school, in Stone, Ohio where I was the charge of the class.
The one that they beat up to blood every week in the baby of kids, until a teacher saved me life.
She saved my life by letting me go into the teacher's bathroom.
He did it in secret.
for three years.
And I had to get from the city.
I had a thumb and 85 dollars, and I ended up in San Francisco, California -- found a lover -- and in the 1980s, I felt the need to start working in organizations that fought AIDS.
About three or four years ago, in the middle of the night, I got a phone call of that teacher, the Jose Post who said, "I need to go.
I'm disillusioned that we had never got to meet them.
You could come to Ohio and please bring that man that I know you've ever found.
And I have to tell you that I have pancreatic cancer, and I would like you to come with this please."
Well, the next day we were in Clabbic.
And we went to see it, and we got up, we were crying, and we realized that she needed to be hypothetical.
We found it a place, and we tried, and we take it out of their family, because it was necessary.
It's something we knew how to do.
And as the woman I wanted to meet as an adult came to me, it turned into a box of cheese, and it was put in my hands.
And what happened was that the circle had been closed -- it became a circle -- and that episode that I talked about was made in itself.
The irony is that death is part of life.
She saved my life, my partner and I save the one.
And you know that that part of life needs all the rest of life.
It needs truth and beauty, and I'm very happy today that I talked about this today.
It also needs -- it needs dignity, love and pleasure, and it's our work to provide those things.
Thank you.
As an artist, the connection is very important for me.
Through my work, I'm trying to express that humans are not separated from nature, and it's all interactive.
I was for the first time to Antarctica almost 10 years ago, and there I saw my first shoulders.
I was amazed.
My heart catches fast, I was served, trying to understand what was in front of me.
The pigs around me are about 60 meters, and I couldn't even think that it was a little bit of snow about another snow after year.
The squares are born when they get rid of the glaciers or they break the ice bar.
Each iceberg has its own individual personality.
They have a different way of interacting with their environment and their experiences.
Some people refuse to bring them down to the end, while others cannot be able to support it more and they fall into a dramatic passion.
It's easy to think, when you see a transplant, which are isolated and silly and all of them as we see ourselves as humans.
But reality is all the opposite.
As a grandmother comes down, I'm breathing his ancestral atmosphere.
As a table releases a free rich water in minerals that feed many forms of life.
And I was about to photograph these trips as if it was the portraits of my ancestors, knowing that at these unique moments there are this way and won't be going to exist that way again.
It's not death when they're delivered -- it's not an end, but a continuation of your way for the cycle of life.
Part of the ice of the shoulders that I photographed is very young -- it has a couple of years old.
And another part of the ice is over 100,000 years.
The last pictures I would like to show you are from a manufacture that I photographed in Kerunina, Grandma.
It's a little bit often to actually get a radical table.
Here you go.
You can see on the left a little boat.
It's about five meters.
And I'd like you to pay attention to the shape of the trade and their line of flower.
You can see here, it starts to roll, the ship has moved to the other side, and the man is standing there.
This is a Grandma shark in Grandma, an average size.
The water is about 120 feet or 40 meters.
This video is in real time.
And so now, the shark shows a different side of its personality.
Thank you.
I want you to imagine two couples in 1979, the same day, exactly at the same time, every one of a baby.
So two couples each one with a baby.
I don't want you to stop too much in the details, because if you stop thinking about the congestion itself, you're not going to pay attention.
Let's think about that for a moment.
And in this stage, I want you to imagine that, in a case, the chromosome and the sperm is attached to the X chromosome.
And in the other case, the X chromosome of the sperm is joined by the X chromosome.
They both learn and start life.
Let's go back to talk about them later.
In my activity I tend to make two roles.
In one of my rules, work with the history of the anatomy story.
I'm a demonstration of training, and what I study in this case is the way people open the anatomy -- I mean, of human bodies and animal bodies -- how they have considered body fluid, the idea of the body -- what have thought about about the body.
The other role that I spend in my work is an activist, as a patient advocate or, as I say sometimes, impossible advocate of people who are medical patients.
In this case, I've worked with people whose physical features challenge social norms.
I've been working, for example, with emergent twins, two people inside a very body.
I've worked with a lot of people with childhood, much lower than the average.
And I've been working with many cases of people with autonomous sex, individuals whose physical typology doesn't fit in the male and conventional scans.
In general lines, we can call it interaction.
The self has a lot of forms.
I'm going to put some examples in ways of having a sex that is not spoken in the male or female forms.
For example, this is the case of the individual with America which is the SESD of the Crisis and tells the protesters, that we all have in the ugly life, that become scared.
And then, in the ultimate life, the testicles make terrorists.
But because this individual lacks of testosterone, the body doesn't react to the same.
It's the sensory supply of advances.
So, there are high levels of testosterone, but without reaction.
As a consequence, the body becomes a typical female course.
When it was born, the baby looks like a little girl.
It's a girl. It's raised as a girl.
And often, it's not until the puberty -- when it's growing and developing your brains, but it doesn't have the mental period, when someone realizes something is happening.
And after I made it storms, you realize that instead of being open and Third, it has stages and a chromosome and a chromosome.
The important thing to understand is that you can think of a man, but it really isn't.
Women, like men, we have in the body something called the arrogant global.
They're on the back of the body.
Super supercomputer glands produce agriculture, the hormone of male.
Most women like me -- I consider a typical woman -- doesn't know their crisis structure, I think to be a typical woman, most women like me are sensitive to addictions.
We produce addictions and respond to agriculture.
As a consequence, someone like me has the brain more exposed to the adverse that the woman who was born with testicles who have the service of sensitivity to advertising.
So sex is something complicated -- not that the instruments are in the middle of the spectrum -- in some ways they can be everywhere.
Another example: a few years ago, I got a call from a 19-year-old man who was born and raised as a man, and I had a violance, and sexual relationships with her, I would take a life like a boy and just found out that he had ovarian and thing.
He had an extreme form of a disease known as a representative replacement.
And I had the 20th chromosomes and the underground glands were so active that, essentially, created a male hormone environment.
As a consequence, their genital was mallousting, their brain was exposed to the hormone component typically male.
I was born with a little bit of a child -- no one was surprised anything.
And it was at the age of 19, when he started to have medical problems caused by the internal message, when the doctors found that in fact, it was a woman on the inside.
Well, another quick example of a case of interview.
Some people with the 20th chromosomes develop what you know as a support, that is to say, they have distributed tissue wrapped in a political tissue.
We don't know why that happens.
So, there are many varieties of sex.
The reason why children with these kinds of bodies -- and be an engineer, twin themselves, or interesting -- are going to be survived to normal surgeries is not to get a better physical health.
In many cases, people are perfectly healthy.
The reason why you get to various surgeries is that they're a threat for our social categories.
The system is normally based on the idea that a particular anatomy is going to have a particular identity.
We have the idea that being a woman is to have a female identity -- supposed to be black, means to have African anatomy in historical terms.
A terribly simplistic idea.
And when you get a body that shows something quite different, we have problems with cardiovascular.
So we have very romantic ideas in our culture in our culture.
Our nation is based on a concept of very romantic individuals.
Imagine how surprising it is to have children that are born as two people within one body.
The recent case is last year with the South African corridor, the Samantha Rap Semi was put up his sex in the Leone International Games.
A lot of journalists called to ask me, "What are you going to do to determine if Casey Seventers is man or woman?
And I had to explain to the journalists that there is no such test.
In fact, we now know that the sex is so complicated that we have to admit that nature doesn't trace a long line between men and women or in men and interesting men and international men and internationals, we are us who we take that line.
So what we have is a situation in which the science we get, the more we have to admit that these categories -- we thought they were careful atmospheric categories that correspond directly with stable individual categories -- they're much more diffuse than we think.
And not only in terms of sex.
Also in terms of race, something that makes it a lot more complicated than the terminology allows it.
As we see, we get in a scanner burden.
Let's look at the fact that we share at least 75 percent of DNA with chimpanzees.
What do we do about the fact that we have to get away from them in just a few nutrients?
And as we make progress in science we get more and more in an uncomfortable zone in which we have to recognize that the simplistic categories that we handle are probably too simple.
And we're looking at this in all the shifts of human life.
One of them, for example, in our current culture, in the United States today, are the struggles at the beginning and the end of life.
It's hard to look at a moment from which a body becomes human, and it has different rights to the photos.
There are very dedicated discussions today because not in public, but I know in medicine -- you know when someone considered dead dead.
Our ancestors had never had to go with this question of whether someone was dead.
As a lot of them put a pen in front of the nose, and if they moved still they didn't get it.
If I stopped moving it out.
But today, for example, to extract vital organs of a body and put them into another body.
And as a consequence, we need to confront the dilemma to really determine someone else's death, and this puts us in a difficult situation where we don't have the simple categories of the past.
And you might think that this explosion of categories could disrupt someone like me.
In politics I'm a programmers, by defending people with unusual bodies, but I have to admit that I get nervous.
It will tell you that these categories are much more unstable.
Technology from the point of view of democracy.
And to tell you about this tension first, I have to admit that I'm an advanced fertilizer of the founding parents.
I know they were racist -- I know they were sexually, but they were big.
I mean, they were so brave and current and so radical in what they did, which I find every way by seeing that music was 175 and not by the music, which is totally speed.
That's why it happened in 1777 with the Fortest parents.
The founding fathers were for me, the first activists of the anatomy and I tell them why.
What they rejected was an anatomical concept, and they replaced it with another one that was radical.
And as all of you remember what our parents were rejected was the idea of the minimum. The monitor was based on a very simplistic concept of the anatomy.
The old world engines didn't know the DNA, but they had clear the idea of birth.
They had the concept of blue blood.
They were from the idea that it came to the political power for the blood of the grandfather of the grandfather to father and then the son, etc.
The founding parents were rejected and replaced by a new algorithmic concept, and that concept was that all men are created equal.
They sent the game field and they decided that the anatomy that mattered was the common anatomy and not the abstract differences. That was a very radical thing.
And they were doing it because they were doing part of an elaborate system that they were getting two things.
The democracy was being recorded and the same time was born science.
And it was very clear if you look at the history of the founding parents, that many were very interested in science and the idea of a natural world.
They were getting rid of the substantial explanations and because they rejected the concept of substantial power transfered by a vanial idea of birth.
They were moving towards a natural concept.
And if you look, for example, the Declaration of Independence, talk about nature and nature of nature.
Don't talk about God and the nature of God.
They talk about the power of nature to tell us who we are.
And in consciousness we were transmitted the idea of anatomical coincidence.
And by doing that, they were feeling the base of the future Civil Rights movement.
They didn't think about it, but they did it for us, and it was great.
And what happened years later?
And women were continuing.
Then he came the Civil Rights movement with people from the Sun Tribal California, who said, "I'm not a woman?
We found men on the skies of the Civil Rights Movement saying, "I'm a man."
Again, people of color who appealed to the atomic coincidence.
We see the same with the disability movement.
The problem is, of course, as we look at the computers, we have to start asking why we keep some dividends.
But attention, I want to keep some atomic divisions in our culture.
For example, I don't want to give a fish the same rights than a human.
I don't want to say that we had to get rid of the anatomy.
I don't want to say that the five year-old children should be allowed to have sex relations or marry care of it.
There are some asteroids that are anonymous to me and that I think we should hold on.
But the challenge is to try to figure out what they are, why to keep them and if they make sense.
Well, let's go back to those two beings at the beginning of this talk.
We have two beings -- both of them in the middle of 1979 exactly the same day.
So imagine one of them, Mary was born three months before time," on June 1, 1980.
Henry, on the contrary, he was born in terms of the 10-year-old March of 1980.
For the only fact of having been born three months before Mary is attributed all the right three months before he to Henry -- to the sexual consent, the right to the voice, the right to drink.
Henry has to wait for all of that not because it has a different biological age, but because it was born later.
We find other records relative to their rights.
Henry, in virtue of being considered man -- if I haven't told you if it's AIDS, in virtue of being considered man now is possible from the mandatory bureaucratic that Mary doesn't have to worry about.
Mary -- on the side, it doesn't have the same rights to the marriage that Henry in all states, for example.
Henry can be married in every state with a woman, but Mary can marry a woman just in some states.
So still an anatomical category that in various aspects are problematic and questionable.
And now the question is: What do we do now that science advanced so much in the field of the anatomy that we get to the point of having to admit that a democracy based on the anatomy could disappear?
I don't want to give you science, but at the same time, I feel like science is costing us.
Where do we go.
It seems like what happens in our culture is a kind of pragmatic attitude, "Well, we have to trace the line somewhere, so we're going to do it."
But a lot of people left in a rare position.
For example, Texas at a time has decided that to marry a man you don't have to have computer and that to marry a woman you have to have crime.
Now in practice, they don't make a chimpanzee tests to people.
But this is also very strange because of the story that I told you at the beginning of the sensory syndrome of inspiring to the addictions.
If you look at one of the founding fathers of modern democracy, Dr. Martin Luther King, in his speech, "I was hearing "The Development offers?
It says that we should judge people based on not the color of their skin, but in the content of their cartoon, going beyond the antidote.
And I mean, "Yeah, the idea seems very good."
But in practice, how do you do?
How do you judge people based on the content of their character.
I want to point out that I'm not sure that we had to be based on this to give them rights to people, because I have to admit that I know from some of the things that probably deserve more social services than some humans I know.
I also want to say that maybe some of the labs that I know can make more and more informed decisions, smart and mass about their sexual relations than people who I know.
So how do you go through the issue of the controversy content?
It's very difficult.
And one part of me is wondering what would happen if the character of one person could be measured with an instrument, maybe with a magnetic MRI.
Do we really want to get to that point?
I'm not sure where we go.
What I know is that it seems to be very important that the United States is still guiding this current thought stream in relation to democracy.
We've done a good job in defense of democracy, and I think we'll do a good job in the future.
We don't live, for example, in a context like the Iranian in which a man who feels attracted by other men is susceptible to be killed, unless it's willing to make a sex shift, in which case it allows you to live.
We're not in that situation.
I'm glad to say that we don't have a context like a surgeon that I talked about a couple of years ago that I had made a little bit of simple six of them and then self-esteem his fame.
But when I asked the phone, I asked him the motivation of the operation -- it was a very risky operation, he said to me that in that other country, these kids would be very upset and so I had to do it.
And what I said, "Well, has the political poster instead of the surgical separation?
The United States offers huge possibility to people to be who they are without forcing them to change for the state of the state.
So I think we have to be in your head.
Well, to end up I mean I've been talking about the parents.
And I want to think about what democracy would be, or as it might have been, if we had given higher participation to the mothers.
And I want to say something a little bit radical for a feminist -- and that is that I think there may be different ideas that are coming from different anatomical typographs, particularly if there are people thinking about groups.
For years, since I've been interested in insects, I've also been interested in making sexual difference.
And one of the things that have been interested in is the differences between men and women in the way to think and operate in the world.
And what we know about the nuclear studies is that women, in average, not all of us, but in average, they tend to pay more attention to the complex social relationships and to get away from those who are vulnerable within the group.
And if we think about that, we have an interesting situation in our hands.
And years ago, when I was in the passion, one of my advisers I knew I was interested in feminism -- I was considered feminist -- I was made a strange plant."
"Tell me what the feminism has about feminist."
And I thought, "It's the most dumb question I've ever heard.
The feminism has to do with reduction by gender strategies, so there's nothing female in feminist."
But the more I was thinking about his question, more than there is something that is female in feminism here.
I mean, there might be something in average, something different between the female brain and the male that makes us more attentive to complex social relationships and willing to help the most vulnerable.
So if the parents were very keen to find a way to protect people from the state of the state, it is possible that we had injected more mothers to this concept, maybe we would have enriched the concept of protection with reciprocal support.
And maybe that's what we have to do in the future when we take democracy beyond the asteroid, thinking less in the individual body, in terms of identity, and thinking more about relationships.
So as we try to create a more perfect, let's think about what we do each other.
Thank you.
In 2007, I decided we had to figure out how we think about economic development.
Our new goal should be that when every family thinks where it wants to go live and work, it has the possibility to choose at least a handful of different cities that are competing to attract new resilient.
Well, we're far away from that target.
There are billions of people in developing countries that don't have a single city willing to get them.
But the amazing thing about cities is that they're worth a lot more than their construction cost.
So we could easily bring it to the world, maybe hundreds of new cities.
Well, this may sound absurd if you've never thought about new cities.
But just replace them by apartment buildings.
Imagine that half of those who wanted to live in apartments already would be properties, and that at the other half, I would still be missing to do it.
They could try to increase the capacity by doing joys in all existing buildings.
But you know that the problem you face is that those buildings and the areas that surround them have rules to avoid the worst and the construction descriptions.
So it would be very hard to do all of those applications.
But they could go to a whole new place, build a completely new apartment building, always and when the rules of that place facilitate the building instead of putting it out.
So I proposed that governments create new areas of enough big enough to contain cities and gave them a name, and I gave them a name.
I later found out that more or less at the same time, Jazaro and Official were thinking about reform Hands.
They knew that every year about 75,000 mushrooms would come out of their country to go to the United States, and they wanted to ask what they could do to make sure that those people could stay and do those same things in Dannels.
In the summer of 2009, Homerson spent by a desktop constitutional crisis.
In the next regular elections, it is a labor in Language to be absolutely imposed with a platform in which records and the same reconciliation.
He asked Atlantic who was his head of gamble.
Meanwhile, I was preparing to give a talk at TEDGlobal.
Through a process of perfect, trial and error, and a lot of testing with users, tried to reduce this complicated concept of cities under the most essential ideas.
The first point was the importance of the rules, like those rules that they say you can't go and beat all the current approaches of apartments.
We pay a lot of attention to new technologies, but it takes so much of technologies as in rules to progress, and they usually are the rules that make us move forward.
In the fall of 2010, a friend of Guatemala. A friend of Guatemala.
He showed it to Japan.
They called me.
They said, "Let's introduce this to the leaders of our country."
So in December we put in Miami in a hotel conference room.
I tried to explain this point about how valuable cities, much more valuable than their monetary cost.
And I used this image that shows the value of the land in a place like New York -- look at it, land that, in some cases, worth thousands of dollars per square meter.
But it was a pretty abstract discussion and at some time, when there was a pause, Official said, "Paul, maybe we could see the video of the TED Talk.
And the talk described in very simple terms that a city under the state is a place where it starts with the paper terrorists, a strategy that specifies the rules that will be applied there and a choice so that people can choose whether they want to go or not live under those rules.
So the president of Hungaries called me, and he told me that we had to do this project, this is important, this could be the way for our country.
He asked me to go to Gelemia and talk about the four and five of a grand.
So I presented another talk full of data, which included an image like this, who was trying to explain that to make a lot of value to a city, this has to be very big.
This is a picture of Derekay and the white line is the new airport that was built in London.
Just this airport covered over 100 square miles.
So I was trying to convince the mushrooms that to build a new city, you have to start with a place that is at least 1,000 square miles.
That's over 100,000 acres.
Everybody lost contradicting.
The public faces were very serious and attention.
The Congress leader came up to the platform and said, "Professor Remote, thank you very much for his talk, but maybe you could see the video of the TED Talk.
I have this here in my computer."
So I sat and showed the TEDTalk.
And this would explain the essentials that a new city can offer new choices for people.
There would be an option of a city where you could go in Hembols, rather than hundreds of miles away from the North disaster.
And it would also include new options for leaders.
Because the leaders of the Dutch government would need aid of associated countries, they could benefit from the countries that would help them establish and make the rules of the status, so that everybody could trust that the punishment is indeed going on.
We went and saw a site.
This picture is there.
It could be easily approaching a thousand square miles.
And a little bit later, the 19 of January, voted in Congress to sell their constitution and add a contextual device that would allow to create these special development regions.
In a country that has just gone through this painful crisis, the voting in Congress in favor of this constitutional emergency was 142 to one.
All the parties, all the factors in society, the passenger of it.
To get into the Constitution, you have to spend two times in Congress.
The 17th of February was passed again in another vote, from 141 to one.
Immediately after the voting of the 21st, to the 21st to February 20, a 20-year-old delegation was the two places in the world that are more interested in participating in cities.
One is South Korea.
This is a picture of a new big city center that is building in South Korea, is bigger than the center of Boston.
Everything you see there was four years, after you spent four years by getting the permission.
The other country in building cities is Singapore.
In fact, they've already built two cities in China, and they're preparing for a third.
And if you think about this kind of practical, this is the point where we are.
They have a site, and they're already thinking about a site for the second city.
They are preparing a legal system that would allow the administrators to come and let them operate under an external legal system.
A country has already been committed to allow his Super Court to be the last line for this new legal system.
There are urban and building buildings that are very interested in the project.
You can even get some funding.
But the only thing we know is that they have a good number of residents.
There are many companies who wanted to show up in the Americas, especially in a place with a free trade zone, and there's a lot of people who would like to go live there.
In the world there are 700 million people who say they would like to be changed immediately.
There's a million dollars a year coming from Latin America to go to the United States.
Many of them are parents who have to leave back to their family to go and get a job -- sometimes they're full mothers who have to earn money for just eating or buying clothes.
Unfortunately, sometimes even there are kids who are trying to bring up with their parents who haven't seen, in some cases, in a decade.
So what does it seem to think about building a new city in Hongles?
Or build a dozen of these, or a hundred of these all over the world?
What does it look like to think about insisting for families to choose between various cities that are competing to attract new resilient?
This is an idea worth spreading.
And my human friends asked me to say, "Thank you TED.
I'm Jesse, and this is my fall.
But before I show you what is inside, I'm going to do a public conference, and it is that I live obsessed with the suits.
I love to find, dress, and more recently, to photograph and publish in my blog brought the training and colorful and different for every time.
But I don't buy anything new.
All my clothes is a second hand of fire and student markets.
Oh, thank you.
The second hand stores allow me to reduce the impact of my barrier in the environment and in my bill.
I get to know interesting people, usually my money goes to a good cause. My point is unique, and buying it becomes my personal show of theory.
I mean, what am I going to find today?
Is my story from my shop?
Will I like color colon?
cost less than 20 dollars?
If all the answers are positive, then I feel I've won.
Going back to the subject of my voice, I want to tell you what I had for this exciting week at TED.
I mean, what does anybody have all that cold community?
So I'm going to show you exactly what I did.
I've brought seven pairs of inner clothes, and nothing else.
So clothing inside for exactly a week is all I put in my voice.
I thought it would be able to find everything else that I'd like to use after I got here to Palm Springs.
And since I don't know how the woman who walks for TED in inner clothes,  that means I found some things.
And I would like to show you now the sets of this week.
Doesn't it sound interesting.
As I do, I'm also going to tell you some of the lessons of life that, Believe or not, I've learned in this adventure of not using new clothing.
Let's start with Sunday.
I call this the bright terrifying.
You don't have to spend a lot of money to look right.
You can always see a phenomenal for less than 50 dollars.
The whole thing, including the highway, it cost me 55, and it's the most expensive thing I used in the week.
Line." color is sensitive.
It's almost physically impossible to be a bad mood, when you're looking at a bright red screen.
If you're happy, you're going to attract other happy people.
Mars: The integration is supported.
I have spent a lot of time in life trying to be myself, and at the same time integrate.
I just know yourself.
If you get around the right people, you won't only understand you, you will also appreciate you.
Mirard" -- the kid that you carry in.
Sometimes people tell me that it seems like I play the disasters, or I remember their little seven years.
I like to stand up and say, "Thank you.
Joedness: trust is the key.
If you think you see you well with something, it's almost sure you are.
And if you think you don't see you with something, it's probably true.
My mother taught me this day after day.
But it wasn't until the 30 years that I really understood his meaning.
And I'm going to explain it in a few seconds.
If you think you're a beautiful person in your interior and outside, you don't look at you can't attract you.
So there's no excuse for anyone in this audience.
We should be able to achieve everything we want to achieve.
Thank you.
Friday -- a universal six words for you: The golden groups go with everything.
And finally, I Saturday, develop a personal style itself and only is a great way to tell the world something about you without having to say a word.
I tried it over and over again when people were approaching me this week simply by what he was using, and we had fantastic conversations.
Obviously all this is not going to go into my little broke.
So before I go home, Brooklyn, I'm going to give it all.
Because the lesson I'm trying to learn this week is that you have to leave certain things.
I don't need to get away emotionally to these things, because at the back of the corner, there will always be another crazy suit, colorful and brilliant travel, if there's a little bit of love in my heart, and I search for.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
This is a representation of your brain that we can split in two parts.
The right side, which is the logic part, and the right side, which is the intuitive.
So if we use a scale to measure the attitude, we could design a blueprint of our brain.
For example, this would be someone who is completely logical.
This would be someone who's totally intuitive.
So where do you know your brain on this scale?
Some of them will be opening by one of these extremes, but I think for most of the integrate of this audience, their brain is something like this, with a big appetite in both of these females at the same time.
It's not that they are a lot of exclusive.
You can be logical and intuitive.
I consider one of those people, that as most of the other experimental quantum physicists, we need a lot of logic to track these complicated ideas.
But at the same time, we need a lot of intuition to make experiments really work.
How do we develop this international international international intensive design?
We can play with them and then we see how they react. And then we develop our intuition from that point.
And actually, you do the same thing.
And some intuition that you can have developed over the years is the one that says one thing can be only in one place at a time.
I mean, it can sound weird to think that one thing is in two places different at the same time, but you didn't be born with this notion, they developed it.
I remember looking at a child playing in a parking bar.
It was a little kid, and he didn't do it very well, it always falls down.
But I bet that play with that parking bar taught a very valuable lesson, and is that the big things don't allow them to transport, and they stay in a place.
This is a big conceptual model that you can have in the world, except you be a particle physicist.
It would be a terrible model for a particle physicist, because they don't play with parking bars -- play with these strange little particles.
And when you play with their particles, they find that they do all sorts of really weird things -- like they can go through walls, or they can be in two different places at the same time.
And so they wrote all these observations and they called the theory of quantum mechanics.
At that point you found the physics a few years ago, you needed quantum mechanics to describe those little particles.
But they didn't need it to describe the big objects around us every day.
That didn't look very well to my intuition and maybe it's because I don't play very often with particles.
Well, sometimes play with them, but not much.
And I've never seen them.
I mean, I never saw a particles.
But it didn't really fit up to my logical side.
Because if everything is made of little particles and all the little particles follow the principles of quantum mechanics, then shouldn't it all follow the principles of quantum mechanics.
I don't find the reason why it shouldn't be.
And so I would feel much better if I could somehow demonstrate that a common object also follows the principles of quantum mechanics.
That's why it was a few years ago, I was proposed to do exactly that.
And I did.
This is the first object you can see that it's been in a quantum mechanics.
What we see here is a little computer chip.
And you can try to see the green point right in the middle.
That's the metal piece I'm going to talk about in a minute.
This is a picture of the object.
And here I'm going to expand it a little bit. It's right in the center.
And then here we do a good approach to the small metal team.
What we see is a little bit of metal period, with a broad form of train, and that supported in a platform.
And so I did this almost in the same way you would make a computer chip.
I went to a clean room with a new silicon chip, and I started to work all the big machines for about 100 hours.
So for the last material, I had to build my own machine -- to make this brain with a swimming story that comes underneath the device.
This device has the ability to be in a quantum overlap but it needs a little help.
Let me make an analogy.
You know how uncomfortable it is to be in an elevator full of people.
I mean, when I am in an elevator alone, I do all sorts of weird things, but then when other people go up I stop doing those things, because I don't want to bother them, or actually scare it.
Quantum mechanics says that inanimate objects are behave in the same way.
The travel of travel of inanimate objects are not just people, it's also the light that lunches it and the wind that happens to its side and the heat of the room.
So we knew that if we wanted this piece of metal to behave according to quantum mechanics -- we would have to take all the other passengers together.
And that's what we did.
We turn the lights off, then we introduced a vacuum and we extracted all air, and then we face it to a temperature of less than a degree above the absolute zero.
Now, when you're only in the era, the little piece of metal is free to act as it wants.
So we measured their movements.
We found that it moves in very strange ways.
Instead of being perfectly stunned, I was vibrating -- and the way he vibrating was like a responsibility in this form -- like a form that expands and contracts.
And by giving a soft puzzle, we could make it vibrate and not move at the same time -- something that only happens with quantum mechanics.
So what I'm telling you is something really fantastic.
What does it mean that a vibrating thing and not video at the same time?
Let's think about atoms.
In a case, every trillion atoms that eat that metal piece are good and at the same time, those same atoms are moving up and down.
It's just in instant determines when those are allowed to add.
In the rest of the time they're a standard.
It means that every atom is in two different places at the same time, what at the same time means that the whole piece of metal is in two different places.
I think this is great.
Seriously.
He was worth entertainment in a clean room to do this for all those years -- because you look at this, the difference in scale between one atom and that metal oil is more or less the same as the difference between that metal tissue and you.
So if a single atom can be in two different places at the same time, and that metal piece can be in two different places. Why don't you do that?
I mean, it's my logical part that speaks to.
So imagine if you were in several places at the same time, how would it be that?
How does your consciousness act if your body was reliable in space?
There's another part of the story.
And it's when we warmed it, and we put the lights and we looked inside the box, we saw that the metal was still in one piece.
And I could get to this new intuition, seemingly all objects on the elevator are actually just quantum objects that are just used in a small space.
You hear a lot about the quantum mechanics claims that everything is interacting.
Well, that's not that true.
It's more than that, it's more profound.
It's that those connections, your connections to all of the things that surround you, literally define who you are, and that's the deep radio of quantum mechanics.
Thank you.
My name is Amazon.
And 18 months ago, I was doing another work on Google, until I launched the idea of doing something related to museums and art to my boss that's here and let me take it up.
It took me 18 months and me.
A lot of negotiations and stories, I assure you, with 17 very interesting museums of nine countries.
But I'm going to focus on it.
There are a lot of stories about why we did.
I think my own story is simply explained in this slide and this is the access.
I grew up in India.
A great education of education -- I don't get back but I didn't have access to many of these museums and artwork.
So when I started traveling and going to museum, I started learning a lot.
And working on Google, I try to make the desire to make it more accessible by technology.
So we formed a team, a great team of people, and we started doing it.
Better than showing the demo to then explain a couple of interesting things that we have led from their launch.
So, just -- let's go to Popular.
Look around all the museums there.
There is the Guatemala Gallery Gallery, the Mountain, the Missilia, the Rossytop, the Google Google.
In fact, I'm going to go into one of my favorites, Mexico, the New York Museum of Art.
There are two ways to do it -- very simple.
We click and "people -- we're already inside of the museum.
It doesn't matter where they are, Bob or Michael, that doesn't really matter.
You move around and divide.
Do you want to navigate by the museum?
We open up the top, and with one click, we jumped inside.
They're inside, they want to go at the end of the hall.
Go ahead and go forward.
They explore.
Thank you, but I haven't reached the best.
I'm now in front of one of my favorite paintings -- "The Heirorphous of Peter Britain at the Methoisman.
I see the Mira sign.
If the museum shows us the picture, we click there.
See, this is one of the images.
Here is all of the method information.
For those of you who are really interested in art, you can click out there, but I'm going to click here right now.
And this is one of the images we've captured on what we call the glacier technology.
So this picture, for example, is, I think, about 10 billion pills.
And there are many people who ask me, "What do you get with 10 million pills?
So I'm going to show you what you really get with 10,000 million skins.
It can go around in a very simple way.
You see fun things that are happening.
I love this guy, his expression has no price.
But if they really would want to deliver.
So I started playing, and I found something that happens there.
And I said, "I'm a moment, this seems interesting.
I came up and discovered that kids were actually playing something.
I looked at a little bit, I talked to some people in the Metriculture, and I actually found that this is a game called "regular, which is to hit an ear with a stick of Marker.
And apparently it was very popular.
I don't know why I did, but I've learned something about it.
And now we're going to get more deep and see that you can actually get to the cracks.
Now just to give you a little bit of perspective, I'm going to leave the picture, so you'll see really what there is.
This is where we were, and this is the painting.
The best is for coming, a second.
So now we're going to go quickly to jump to MoMA in New York.
Here's another one of my favorite, "The Star Niger."
The example I showed was to find details.
But what if you want to see the penetrace?
And if you want to see how Van Gogh actually created this message?
It increases it and it really gets it.
I go to one of my favorite parts in this painting, and I'm really going to get to the criters.
This is the night stars, I think I had never seen it before.
I'm going to show you another of my favorite functions.
There's a lot of things here, but I don't have time to show you.
This is the really cool part. It's called "Conerations."
All of you, absolutely everyone, doesn't matter whether it's rich or poor, or if you have a manual, that gives the same.
You may be able to create your own museum, create your own collection from all these images.
It's very simple, we walked in, I have created this function that I call "The power of the mother: we just made a come around.
It's about the engineers in the National Gallery of London.
You can see things, send it to your friends and keep a conversation about what you feel the competition of these teachers.
So in conclusion, I think that for me, the main thing is that all incredible things really don't come from Google.
No, in my opinion, they don't even come from the museum.
Maybe you shouldn't say this.
They actually come from those artists.
And that's been my humanity experience with this.
I mean, I hope that in this digital environment, I just do justice to his art work and that it's right on the line.
And the big question that they do to me today is, "You did this to replicate the experience of going to a museum to a museum and the experience of going to a museum and the material of going to a museum?
And the answer is no.
It's to make the experience.
And that's it. Thank you.
Thank you.
Good afternoon.
I have something to show you.
Think it's a pill, a flying pull.
In our lab, we call it sensitive design.
Let me tell you a little bit about this.
If you look at this picture. I'm from Italian origin, all the kids in Italy grow with this picture on the wall of his bedroom. But the reason I'm showing you this is that it has happened something very interesting in the Freeman races of the last two decades.
So some time ago, if you wanted to win a Francisco 1 career, I would take a budget and put it to a good pilot and a good car.
And if the car and the pilot were good, you won the career.
This is what in engineering is called a real time system.
Essentially, it's a system that has two components -- a sensor and an active.
Now what's interesting is that the control systems in real time are starting to enter our lives.
Our cities, over the last few years, have been covered with networks and electronics.
They're becoming computer computers.
And as such, they're starting to respond differently, and they can be detected and accidentally.
And accessing cities is a big thing.
As a note that I wanted to say that cities are only two percent of the planet's cortex but they represent 50 percent of the world's population.
Seventy-five percent of the energy consumption, and to 80 percent of the CO2 emissions.
If we could do something with cities, it would be big.
Beyond cities, all of these choices and activities are entering our everyday objects.
This is from an exhibition from Coke Antarctica for year late in MoMA, during the summer.
It's called "The Me Me Mel: Na.
Well, our objects, the environment, begin to talk to you.
It's kind of like almost all the existing atoms to become sensors and actions.
And that's completely changing the interaction that we as humans have with the outer environment.
In some sense, it's almost like in the old dream of Millian Millennium.
You know, when I sculpt the Moom, he said that at the end of the end, I took the hammer, and he threw it up to the Museum -- in fact, you can still see a little million under -- and he said saying, "Did you not speak for you?
Well, today, for the first time, our environment starts to talk to us.
And I'm going to show you just a few examples. I insist in the idea of capturing the environment and action something.
Let's start with the detector.
The first project I wanted to share with you is actually one of the first projects of our lab.
This was four and a half years ago in Italy.
It was a summer in South 2006.
It was the year that Italy won the World Cup of the world.
Maybe some of you remember it, they played Italy and France, and at the end Philippe gave the heart.
And anyway, in the end of the end.
Now let's see what happened that day looking at activity in the network.
Here we see the city.
You see the College in the middle and the river Three.
It's the morning, before the game.
The line of time is at the top.
At the early afternoon, there are people around here, and there you call calls moving.
It starts the party. Selective.
Gold de France. Gold from Italy.
Enough, people make a rapid call and go to the bathroom.
Second time. End of rule time.
First extra time, second.
Arabic, and at a moment, the hair.
Gandbore Italy, yeah.
That night were all to celebrate the center.
You see the big peak.
The next day everyone went to the center to the center of the winning team and the first minister of then.
And then everybody goes down.
You see the image of the place called City Massage where, from the Roman time, people are going to celebrate -- it's a big party, you can see the peak at the end of the day.
This is just an example of how you can measure the city pulse in a way that we wouldn't have been able to do just a few years ago.
Another quick example of detection, it's not about people, but of things we use and we consume.
Today, we know everything about the processing of our objects.
This is a map that shows all of the chips that make a Mac compared, how it was show.
But we know very little about where things go.
And so in this project, we developed a small tags to track the garbage on their reverse system.
We started with a few volunteers that were helping us in Seattle a little more than a year ago, to tag what they were raised, different kinds of things, as you can see, things that all of them are going to see.
Then we put it a little chip, a tag, to the trash and then we start to throw it.
These are the results.
From Seattle.
after a week.
With this information, we realized that there are lots of innovations in the system.
We can do the same with much less energy.
These are data that they didn't exist.
They are happening complicated things, and there's a lot of unnecessary transport.
But the other thing we think we think is that if you look at every day that the cup that we throw doesn't disappear, that is still somewhere on the planet.
That if the plastic bottle that we throw up one day is still there.
That if we show that to people, then we can promote some change change.
That was the reason of the project.
My colleague at MIT, Astronaut Grandma, could tell us a lot more about detection and many other great things that we can do with that, but I wanted to go to the second part that we mentioned at the beginning, which is action on the environment.
And the first project is something we did a couple of years ago in Zarry.
Everything started with a question of the mayor of the city, who came and told us that Spain and South Europe has a beautiful tradition of using water in public spaces, architecture.
And the question was, how can technology, the new technology, to join that?
And one of the ideas that we developed at MIT, in a workshop -- was, imagine that they have a cardboard and valves, valves of self-assembly, linearing lines that open and shut down.
It's believed as a water correct, with water pills.
If you fall out the pixels you can write in them, showing patterns, images, text.
And when we zoom in, the curtain will open up so that we could go through the picture.
We presented this to the Bell Valley.
I liked it a lot.
And he took a commission to design the building to the end of the Explore.
We call it Walter Water Palestine.
All the building is made of water.
There are no doors or windows, but when you zoom in, it's open so you can happen.
The roof is also covered with water.
And if there's a little bit of wind, if you want to minimize the speakers, it goes down.
Or you can close the building and all the architecture disappeared, like in this case.
Now those days there is always somebody, in the winter, when you go down the ceiling, someone who said, "Let's stop the building.
No, it's not that they have depressed it, but when it comes down almost all the architecture goes away.
Here is in work.
You see people embedded by what happens inside.
And here I'm myself trying to not go to me by testing the sensors that open the water.
I think I should tell you what happened one night when all the sensors stopped working.
That night was actually even more fun.
All the kids in Karma came to the building because the way to interact had changed a little bit.
It was no longer a building that was going to let me go on, but a building that kept making cut and water holes and you had to jump down to not get wet.
(Audience noises) And for us that was very interesting because as an architect, engineers, designers, we always think of using people to give them to our design.
But then reality is always unpredictable.
And that's the beauty of doing things to interact with, that people use.
This is a picture of the building with physical pixels -- water pixels and projects about them.
And this is what led us to think about the next project I'm going to show you.
Imagine that those pixels could start to fly.
Imagine you could have little helicopters in the air, and each one had a little pixel that changes color as if it was a cloud that moves into space.
This is the video.
Imagine a helicopter -- like the one we saw earlier, that moves with others in single another.
We could form this cloud.
A kind of flexible screen like this with a normal configuration in two dimensions.
Or normal, but in three dimensions, where the light changes is the light position.
You can play with a different guy.
Imagine that the screen appears in different scales and sizes, in different types of resolution.
And then all of that would be able to be able to be a 3D skin cloud that you can zoom in, and go through it, and see from very diverse angles.
This is the real Calculator controlled, going down to form a Vietnam, like before.
When you turn the light, you see this -- the same thing we saw before.
Imagine each one of them controlled by one person.
We can have each pixel with an input that comes from people, from people's movement, etc., etc.
I want to show you something for the first time.
We've been working with Robert Boltee -- one of the best baby dancers today, the New York City star of the New York and the Miller Scott, to capture their movements in 3D and use them as a face for the Ferrusha.
Here we can see Robert dancing.
On the left you see the pulses, the capture in different resolution.
It's so much 3D discrimination in real time as motion capture.
It can be reconstructed all the movement.
You can take the whole way.
And once we have the pixels we can play with them, with color and movement, with gravity and rotation.
We want to use this as a possible entry for the Flash.
I wanted to show you the last project that we're working on.
It's something for the London Olympics.
It's called the cloud.
And the idea is, imagine again, that we could involve people to do something and change our environment -- even like a cloud of charts -- like the grain crazy, but with a cloud.
Imagine that we could make everybody would give them a little bit for a pill.
And I think the remarkable thing that has happened in the last two years is that, in the last two decades, we go from the physical world to the digital world.
We've digitized everything, like knowledge, and it's accessible through the Internet.
Today, for the first time -- and the Obama campaign showed it -- we can go from the digital world, the self-organizing power of networks, to the physical world.
In our case, this may want to use it to design and make a symbol.
That would mean something built in a city.
But tomorrow can be to address the challenges of today, think about climate change or CO2 emissions, how to move from the digital world to the physical world?
The idea is that we can get people involved in doing this together, collective form.
The cloud is a cloud, again, made of pieces in the same way that the real cloud is a place cloud.
And those particles are water, whereas in our cloud they're pieces.
It's a physical structure in London, but covered with piles.
You can move inside, having different experiences.
You can see from the bottom of the bottom to share the main moments of the Olympics.
So it's so much a cloud of the sky like something that you can go up, like a new top of London.
You can go into there.
As if it was a new digital face at night, but most importantly, it's going to be a new experience for anyone who goes to the top.
Thank you.
Would you like to be better than they are?
Suppose they told them that, with only changes in your genes, they could improve memory for a more precise, more accurate and faster.
Or you might like to be in better ways, to be stronger to get more resistance.
Would you like to be more attractive and certain of themselves?
What about a good health?
Or maybe they were from those people who always wanted to be more creative.
What else would you like it?
What would you like, if you could choose something?
Audience: Creativity. Creativity.
How many people choose creativity?
Raise your hand. Let me see.
So a few of you probably had a number of people who are processed by present.
That's very good.
How many of you choose the memory.
A few more.
And the physical state.
A little less.
What about language?
Oh, most of that makes me feel very well as a doctor.
If you could have some of this that the world would be very different.
Is it just imagination?
Or maybe you can be possible?
Evolution has been a perfect theme here at TED conference, but I want to give you today the view of a doctor about it.
The great gene of the 20th century, Teddy Dowaice, who was also computer in the Church Church Ray, wrote a trial called "Nonework in biology makes sense to the light of the Evolution."
But if they effectively embrace biological evolution consider this: is it just about the past, or the future?
Does it mean to others or us?
This is another look at the tree of life.
The human part of this branch -- well in an end, is of course that we are more interested in us.
We led from a common ancestor with modern chimpanzees about six or eight million years ago.
In the interface there has been maybe 20 or 25 different species of homosexuas.
Some of them have gone back.
We've been here about 130 years old.
It might seem that we are very far away from other parts of this tree of life, but actually mostly the basic machinery of our cells is more or less the same.
Do you realize that we can leverage and control the machinery of a common bacteria to produce the protein of the human insulin that's used to treat diabetes.
This is not like human insulin -- but it's the same protein, chemical chemistry that comes out of the pressures.
And talking about bacteria -- you realize that we all have the more bacteria that we have in the rest of the body?
Maybe 10 times more.
I mean, think of -- when Antonio Damage raises you about the seriously, think about bacteria?
The gut is a wonderfully hospitable environment for those bacteria.
It's warm, dark. Free, it's very completely.
And we're going to provide all the nutrients that you can want to want to do without effort of their part.
It's really like a quick pathway for bacteria with the occasional superconductor of some force approach to the road.
But therefore, we're a wonderful environment for those bacteria in the same way that they're essential for our life.
They help to digest essential nutrients.
But what does the future?
Are we in a kind of evolutionary balance.
Or disappeared to become something different, something maybe better adapted to the environment?
In this vast view of the universe, the life on Earth is like a brief country, the animal kingdom, as one single and only companies and human life, a little note of grace.
That was us.
And it was also the trained part of this talk, so I hope you've enjoyed it.
When I went to college, I had my first kind of biology.
It was fascinated by the elegance and the beauty of biology.
I fell in love with the power of evolution, and I realized something fundamental -- most of the existence of life, in the middle organisms, every cell is simply divided and all the genetic energy of that cell is transmitted to the two daughters of daughter.
But when the multicellular organisms, things start to change.
I enter the sexual reproduction.
And something very important, with the emergence of sexual reproduction that is going on, the rest of the body becomes a little bit.
In fact, you might say that the inevitability of the death of the body enters the same time of sexual reproduction.
I have to trust that when I was college student I thought, well, my grass, serious, death for sex. It seemed pretty reasonable at that time, but with every year that happened, every time I had more doubt.
I got to understand the feelings of George Bunkarters, which was still in Las Vegas right in their 90 years.
And one night somebody hit his hotel door.
He opens the door.
In front of him you find a magnificent clothes of clothes.
He looks at him and says, "I was looking for a sex soup."
"It's okay." He says, "I choose the society."
I realized, as a doctor, who was working for a different goal by the goal of evolution, not necessarily controversial, just different.
I was trying to preserve the body.
I wanted us to keep us healthy.
He wanted to recover health in disease.
I wanted us to live more and more healthy.
Evolution is to pass the genome into the next generation of generation and adapting and survive generation after generation.
From an evolutionary point of view, you and I are like reputation rockets designed to send the genetic charge to the next orbital level and then let you fall into the sea.
I think we all understand the feeling that Woody Allen expressed when he said, "I don't want to achieve the immunity through my work.
I want to make it not die."
Evolution doesn't necessarily favor longevity.
It doesn't necessarily favor the largest or the strongest or the faster, and even the most smart.
Evolution favors the best creatures to their environment.
That's the only proof of survival and success.
At the bottom of the ocean, the fossil bacteria that can survive the heat of the fuels that will make if there were fish there, fish comes up with the vacuum -- yet you've managed to make that an economic environment.
So what does this mean when we look at what's happening in evolution and if we think about the place of humans in evolution, and in particular, if we look forward to the next phase -- the next phase -- I would say there are a lot of possibilities.
The first one is that we don't evolve.
We've reached a kind of balance.
And the underlying reasoning would be that by the medicine, in the first place, we've been able to preserve lots of genes that otherwise would have been careful and removed from the population.
And secondly, as a species, we have confirmed our environment so that it applies to us as well as we adapt to him.
And by the way, let's measure us, and we shoot so much that it's no longer possible to have the isolation necessary for the evolution.
A second possibility is that you produce an evolution of the traditional type, natural type, imposed by the forces of nature.
And the argument here would be, that the shocks of evolution are supportive -- but they're extraordinary.
And in terms of isolation, when we as a species, the different planets are going to be the isolation and the environmental changes that can produce evolution in a natural way.
But there is a third possibility -- an attractive possibility.
The neurons neuron, the new evolution that is not simply natural, but stored and chosen by us as individuals in the decisions we will make.
Now, how could this happen?
How could we get to do this?
We first consider the reality that many people today, in some cultures, are making decisions of their offspring.
In some cultures, they are choosing to have more variations than women.
It's not necessarily good for society but it's what it takes to be an individual and family level.
They also think that if it could be able to choose not just the sex of your disappearing, but in your own body to do the genetic adjustments to cure or prevent disease.
What if we could do genetic change for eliminating diabetes or Alzheimer's or reducing cancer risk or eliminating the appear?
Would you want to do those changes in their genes.
If you look at the future that kind of change is going to be increasingly possible.
The Human Genome Project started in 1990 and sued 13 years.
It costs 2.5 billion dollars.
The next year to have finished, in 2004, I could do the same job for 20 million dollars in three or four months.
Today, you can get a whole sequence of the three billion base pairs of the human genome at a cost of the age of 20 and in a week.
It's not going to take a lot to do a lot of the human genome for 1,000 and get more and more to the scope of all.
Those changes.
The same technology that has produced human insulin in bacteria can make viruses that are not only going to protect us from themselves, but they are going to induce immunity.
It comes up or there is no experimental trial in the course with the influence against culture in cells of a tobacco plant.
Can you imagine something good to go out of the shark?
That's reality and the future is going to be increasingly possible.
Imagine then only other two little changes."
Can you change the cells of their bodies, but if they could change the cells of their description?
And if you could change the sperm and the volumes, or change the very specific spectrum, and give their children a better chance of a more healthy life, eliminating diabetes, remove the historic, reduce the risk of cancer?
Who doesn't want any more healthy children?
And then, that same analytical technology, that same engine of science that can produce changes to prevent diseases is going to allow us to also adopt a happy hypertering, a better memory.
Why don't you have the engineering of a Ken Kennedy on everything if you could add it with the next generation of the Watson computer?
Why don't you have a faster control muscle that allowed us to run faster and more distributed?
Why don't you live more time?
This is going to be intriguing.
And when we are in conditions of taking this to the next generation, and we could adopt the attributes that we wanted to have become the evolution of before in neuroscience.
We're going to take a process that normally could take 100 thousand years, and we can compress it to 1,000 years, and maybe it happens within the next 100 years.
These are elections that their grandchildren, or the grandchildren of their grandchildren, are going to get to them.
Are we going to use these options into a better society, more successful, more considered?
Or, are we going to choose sexually different attributes that we want for some of us, but not for the others?
Are we going to build a society that is more boring and more uniform or more and more removed and more version?
This is the kind of question that we're going to have to face.
And the deepest thing about all, are we going to be able to develop the wisdom and to make the wisdom need to make these choices known?
For good or worse, and before what I might think, these options are going to depend on us.
Thank you.
Imagine a great explosion when you're at 900 feet tall.
Imagine an airplane full of smoke.
So imagine a engine making it class, click, close to it.
Of course, of course, of course. It sounds land.
Well, I had a unique seat that day. He was sitting in the 13.
It was the only one who could talk to flight artists.
So immediately I looked at them, and they said, "No problem. We probably get some birds."
The pilot had already looked at the plane, and we weren't so far.
You could see Manhattan.
Two minutes later, three things happened at the same time.
The pilot floor the airplane with the Hudson River.
It is usually not the route.
I shut the engines.
Imagine being in a plane and without noise.
And then he said three words ...
The three more sustainable words I've ever heard.
He said, "I will pretend for impact."
I didn't have to talk more about the flight station.
I could see it in his eyes.
Life was terrified.
I want to share with you three things that I learned about myself that day.
I learned that everything changes in an instant.
We have this list of things to do before we die, these things that we want to do in life, and I thought about all the people I wanted to get and I didn't do it, all the things I wanted to have, all the experiences I wanted to have and never had.
As I was thinking about that later, I came up with a sentence, which is, "He called "Cervicity villages.
Because if the wine is ready and the person is there, I'm going to open you.
I don't want to apply anything in life.
And that emergency, that purpose has really changed my life.
The second thing that I learned that day -- and this is as we avoided the bridge George Washington, which I didn't go for a lot -- I thought, "Wow, I really feel a great time.
I've lived a good life.
In my humanity and my mistakes I've tried to improve all I did.
But in my humanity I also gave my ego too.
And I'm sorry of the time that he lost in things that didn't matter with people who matter.
And I thought about my relationship with my wife, with my friends, with people.
And then, as I measured in that, I decided to remove the negative energy of my life.
It's not perfect, but it's much better.
In two years, I haven't had a fight with my wife.
It feels like wonders.
I'm not trying to be right. I choose to be happy.
The third thing I learned -- and this is how your mental clock is going on, 15,000 or 13, 13."
You see the water approaching.
I'm saying, "Please fly."
I don't want this to break up in 20 pieces as you see in those documents.
And as we go down, I had the feeling of Google, dying doesn't fear.
It's almost like we've been preparing for it all our life.
But it was very sad.
I didn't want to go -- I love my life.
And that sadness was shooting in a single thought, which is, just wish one thing.
I wish I could see my kids grow.
One month later, I was in my daughter in my daughter -- first grade, not a lot of artistic talent -- still --           And I guess, I cried a little bit like a small.
And for me, that was the whole reason to be in the world.
At that point I understood that to connect those two points, that the only thing that matters in my life is to be a big father.
On the most hand, the only goal I have in life is a good parent.
I was given a miracle, not to die that day.
And I came up with another gift that was the possibility to look at the future and come back and live differently.
You are flying today, the challenges to imagine that the same thing happens on their plane -- and please don't be -- but imagine, and how do you change?
What are they going to do that they still hope to do because they think they're going to live forever, right?
How do you change their relationships and negative energy in them?
And most importantly, are the best parents who can get?
Thank you.
Clearly, I've been blessed in life with many amazing projects.
But the most great thing I worked in was for this guy.
The guy is called TMI.
Texas was one of the most important graffiti graphs in the 1980s.
One day he came to his house after he ran and said, "Dad, I feel a neighborhood in the legs."
And that was the beginning of ALS.
Today Texas has a total paralysis.
You can only use your eyes.
His work influenced me.
I have a design company and animation, so obviously, graffiti is an intricate thing that we admire and respect in the world of art.
And so we decided that we were going to attack Titan, TEDTalk, and their cause.
So I went and I met with her brother and her father and I said, "We're going to give you this money.
What are you going to do with it?
And his brother said, "I just want to be able to talk to Tony again.
I just want to be able to communicate with him and that he can be able to communicate with me."
And I said, "A second, is it not that I've seen Stephen Hawking -- isn't that all people with paralysis can communicate through those device?
And he said, "No, unless you get somebody important and you have a very good insurance you can't actually do it.
These devices are not affordable for people."
And I said, "Well, how do you communicate then?
Does anybody see the movie and scanner it and market?
They communicate in that way.
I said, "That's architecture. How can it be?"
So I showed up with the only desire to bring a check, and instead of that I signed up a check that I had no idea how I was going to cover it.
I compared to her brother and his father there at that precise moment, "Okay, this is the treatment: Tony is going to talk about it, we're going to build a machine, and we're going to find a way to go back to do his art again.
Because it's ridiculous that someone who has so much in their inner can't communicate it."
So I talked about a conference a couple of months later.
I met these guys called GPS Grammy Redefin Random, which have a technology that allows them to project a light in any surface and then with a laser point, draw on that and check the negative space.
So they go around doing art installation like this.
All the things that come up, they say, they're part of a cycle of life.
They first start with sexual organs, then with the bad words, after the attacks to Bush and at the end, people start making art.
But there was always a cycle of life in their presence.
And so I started the journey.
And about two years later, about a year later, and after a lot of organization and a lot of the things on one side we had achieved a couple of things.
One, we played the gates of insurance companies, and we got a machine for TEDTalk to be able to communicate -- a machine like Stephen Hawking.
Which was great.
And seriously, it's the most fun. I call him YouTube because when you talk to the guy you get an email of it, and you say, "I don't know. This guy is not fantastic."
The other thing we did was to bring seven programmers from all over the world literally from every corner of the planet to our house.
My wife, the kids and I, we moved down the back, and these hackers and programmers and conservation and announcers took control of the house.
Many of our friends thought we did something totally stupid and that when we were going to go back to the squares of the walls and in their place would be frustrating.
But for two weeks, we went to the Marine Seattle past, my son was part of my dog, and we created this.
It's called Elizabeth School, and you can see the description of democracy.
These are a couple of shoes of suit shoes that we bought in the Vietnam Beach Mars, some copper wire and things from Homo Depone and Radio School.
We took a PRIZE camera, we opened it, the mountains on a light of LED and now there's a device that is free -- and it builds yourself -- we published the free code, the software goes down in a free form.
And we created a device that has no limitation at all.
There's no insurance company.
There's no hospital that can say "No."
Anyone with paralysis today has access to draw and communicate only their eyes.
Thank you.
Thank you very much. That was amazing.
So at the end of the two weeks, we went back to the TEDx room.
I love this picture because this is the other person's room, and that's his room.
There was all this block and I have all this block during the Great openness.
And after more than a year of planning school, two weeks of programming, intensive sensors around the night, Tony came back to draw for the first time in seven years.
And this is a wonderful picture because this is the support system of his life, and it's looking through the support system of your life.
We ran the bed so I could see.
And we put a project on a wall of the hospital outside of the hospital.
And he went back to the first time in front of his family and friends -- and you would imagine what the feeling was in the parking station.
The funny thing was that we had to transfer in parking the parking so that we feel like we were climbing the graffiti as well.
At the end of this, he sent us an email, and this was what he told us, "This was the first time he drew in seven years.
I felt like I had been under the water, and somebody finally came to rescue me and get me out there so that he could breathe.
Isn't it wonderful?
In a way, that's our war scream.
That's what keeps us in motion, developing.
And we have a long way to remember with this.
It's a great device, but it's the equivalent of a magic screen.
Somebody with this artistic potential deserves much more.
So we're trying to figure out how to improve it and make it faster and robust.
Since then, we've had all kinds of recognition.
We've won a lot of prizes.
Remember, it's free. None of us is making money with this.
It comes out of our own pockets.
The prize came from the guy: "Oh, this is fantastic."
And I took a little bit of silly adverse about us, and then in December, Time magazine recognized us as one of the 50 best inventions of 2010, and it was really cool.
The best thing about all of this -- and this is what I was trying to close to the circle -- is that in April this year in the Google George in the center of Los Angeles is going to be an exhibition called "Art in the Cars."
And "The Art in the streets is going to have the best exponential art exposures -- the University Faire, Chairs -- all of them are going to be there.
Text is going to be in the show which is pretty impressive.
So basically this is my idea, if you see something that's not possible, do it possible.
None of what's in this room was possible -- the stage, the computer, the microphone, the Christian, nothing was possible at a certain time.
Make it possible -- anything in this room.
I'm not a programmer -- I never did anything with to engine technology -- I just recognized something and used to me with wonderful people to be able to make it happen.
And these are the questions that I want all to do every day when we find something that we feel that you have to do. If it's not now, when I'm not me, what?
Thank you guys.
I've spent the last few years by getting in usually very difficult situations and at the same time a bit dangerous.
I went to prison, difficult.
I worked on a dancer mine.
It filmed in areas of war, difficult and dangerous.
And I spent 30 days by eating this -- fun at first, something hard in the middle, very dangerous at the end.
In fact, instead of my career I've been immersed in situations in horrible appearance with the only goal to try to try to look at social issues in ways that are attracted, interesting, and, hopefully, to analyze it in a way that they look at and affordable for the audience.
So when I knew that I would come here to make a TEDTalk about the world of brands and the pattern I wanted to do something a little different.
So some of you may have heard of it, or not, a couple of weeks ago, I took an ad in East.
I sent some messages in Facebook, some in Twitter, I offered the rights of the name of my TED TEDTalk of my 2011.
What I had was the following: "The United States is presented -- my TEDTalk -- you have no idea what it is about and on the content could exploit it in the face, especially if I put it into the face of you or your company when you do it.
But I said, this is a very good media opportunity.
Do you know how many people look at these TEDTalks?
Thank you.
It's a progress in progress, by the way.
So even with that save I knew that somebody was going to buy the rights of the name.
If you would have asked me a year ago, I would not have been able to tell them with certain.
But in the new film I am working on, we looked at the world of the marketing of the architecture.
And as I said earlier, I've been stuck in horrible situations over the last few years, but nothing could prepare me -- nothing as difficult or as dangerous as to go to the rooms with these guys.
You see, I had this idea for a film.
Morgan Spite: I want to make a film that comes from the collection of products -- the marketing and the advertising, and that the whole film is funded with products and marketing and advertising.
The film is going to call the largest movie ever selected."
What happens in "The largest movie ever sold is that all of the top on the bottom, in the early end of it has a brand image, all the time, from the absence that appears before the title of the title.
Now this framework, Coke Stanford, the Standard Center.
These people are going to be associated with penetral perfection -- forever.
And so the film explores this whole idea -- (Music is remarkable." Is that? (Music: It's remarkable."
I am a round heavy stage. (Music: I just say that. It was more by spiders.
It was "Play, for all."
But we're not just going to have the pattern of the X brand on the title but we're going to make sure that we would make sure that all the categories we could on the film.
Maybe we sell a shoe and it becomes the most cool shoe you've ever used.
The most cool car that you have led in "The largest movie ever sells, the best ship you have been, cut out of "The largest film ever selling."
Varway Katrina, the idea is then besides showing the brands as part of your life, making them finance the flow -- MS: Make it fund the film. MS: And we actually showed the whole process of how it works.
The goal of the whole film is transparency.
You'll see the whole process in this movie.
That's the whole idea, all the film, from beginning to end.
And I would love to help you make it happen.
Robert Freedom," you know, it's funny because it's the first time I hear that -- it's the ultimate respect for the audience.
BG: However, I don't know how relevant people are going to be.
ZK: You have a perspective. I don't know if any old negotiation is a negative, but you know how it's going to repeat? (Music: No idea.
MS: A million and a half million and a half million -- D.C. -- John Kames: I think it's going to be hard to meet the meeting with them, but it's certainly going to be worth convincing a couple of big birds.
ZK: Who knows, maybe for the moment that movie comes out, we will look like a lot of blood idiots.
MS: What's going to be the answer?
Stuart Rulendo." Most answer will be nothing."
MS: But is it hard to sell it, for the film or to be me?
JK: Both things.
MS: ... it means you're not very optimistic.
So you help me, I need help.
MK: I can help.
MS: All right. (Music: Bean. Awesome.
MK: We need to think about what you do.
MS: Yeah. (Motor: That's the challenge. When you look at the people you have to deal with.
MK: We have some places where to go to -- MS: Okay. Turn the camera.
MS: I thought it was "the camera on it, it meant we have a conversation out of a microphone.
The camera means, "We don't want to know anything about your movie."
MS: And so it was, one by one, all of these companies suddenly disappear.
None of them wanted to do with this film.
I was shocked.
They didn't want to know anything about this project.
And it was very impressive. I thought the concept of advertising, was to introduce the product to as many people as possible, to make so many people see it as possible.
Especially in the world here is this intersection of new media and old media and the space of spectacular media, is not the idea to tell with that new cause of attention that is going to lead to the massives?
No, that's what I thought.
But the problem was, you see, my idea had a radical mistake, and that error was this.
Actually, no, there was no mistake.
There was no mistake at all.
This would have been okay.
But the problem was what this image is.
You see, when you look for the prostitution images in Google --   this is one of the first images that they appear.
I like your round way, Sergey Brian. No.
This was the problem: transparency, free of simulation or deception -- easily detected or seen -- easily understanding -- that it's characterized by vision or information of information, especially in business practices -- being the last line perhaps the largest problem.
You see, we hear a lot about transparency in these days.
Our politicians name it, the president name, even the CEOs of the name.
But suddenly when it's trying to make it really change something changes.
But why? Well, the transparency day fear --  -- like that rare bear that is still going.
It's incredible.   Like this weird rural path.
And it's also very risky.
What else is there?
It will eat a whole reason from Cookie Humanis.
That's very risky.
When I started talking to the companies and to tell you that we wanted to tell this story and they said, "No, we want to tell a story.
We want you to tell a story, but you tell you the story."
See, when I was a kid, and my father caught me in some lie -- and there he is looking at him as I used to do it, he said, "Son, there's three side in every story.
There's your story, there's my story, and it's the real story.
As you see, in this film we wanted to tell the real story.
But with only one company, an agency would want to help me -- and that just because I knew John Bonobo and Richard Bronx of many years -- I realized that I would have to go on my account, I would have to take in the middle and go to companies myself with all my team.
So what I began to warn suddenly -- -- I started to realize -- is that when you start to talk to the companies the idea of understanding your brand is a universal problem.
MS: I have friends who make big movies, big, giant and others who make small films, independent, like mine.
And my friends who make big Hollywood movies, giant -- say the reason their movies are so successful is due to the associated marks they have.
And then my friends who do independent films say, "Well, how are we supposed to compete with these big, giant Hollywood movies of Hollywood?
And the movie is called "The largest movie ever selled."
How are we going to see specifically Bank on the film?
Every time I'm going to go, every time I open my battle, you'll see the Bang destroy.
At any time during an interview with someone I can say, "Are you fine for this interview?
Are you ready? You see a little bit nervous.
I want to help you calm up.
Maybe you should make a little bit of this before the interview.
And there is one of these fabulous archives.
Both Furbie Florida" -- like Viewers of Paris, are going to have their chance.
We're going to have so much for man like a woman -- solid -- it's flat, in bar, as it is.
That's the general look.
Now I can answer their questions and give you a provided look.
Karen Frank? We are a small brand.
It would look like the kind of smaller movies that you count -- we're more well a rival brand.
So we don't have the budget that other brands have.
So doing things like that, you know, search Bana to people is the reason that this interests us.
MS: What words would you use to describe Bana to decent?
Bana is in white.
KA: That's a big question.
Woman: higher technology.
MS: Technology is not the way you want to describe something that you put in the salament.
Man: We talked about something bold audience: fresh.
I think "Free," it's a great word that really puts this category in positive versus the smell and the supermarket."
It keeps you cold.
How do we keep a fresh time more time? With better frightening, more spread, three times cheaper.
Things like those who do the benefits.
MS: And that's a multi-star-condition company.
What about me? What about a common kind of time?
I need to talk to the street, the people like me, to the ordinary Peppers.
They have to talk to me about my brand.
MS: How do you define your market?
Man: My brand mark?
I don't know.
I like the good clothing.
Woman: They are going to revive the '80s, palestinian plant to less than a danger day.
MS: Okay, so what is the Gerran market?
Gerry: Something unique. (Most one: Man: I guess the kind of gender, the style that I have would be like a dark glacier."
I really like dark colors, so many gray and things like that.
Usually I take access like suns of sun, or I like crystals and similar.
Woman: If Dan was a brand that could be a classic classic: Benjamin Benjamin.
Man 2: The mark I am, he would call it cartoon flow.
Woman 2: In part of the help, in the Google, in part Bolie, I don't know.
Man 3: I'm the kind of massage.
I'm seeing toys for pets in the country and in the world.
So I guess that's my brand.
In my little sector, that's my brand.
Man 4: My brand is Federal because I get the market.
Man 5: A freedom framework.
Is that something?
Aberty: I'm a lawyer.
Tom Tom."
MS: Well, we don't all be able to be brand tomato, but often I get stuck in the intersection of dark glamour and case salt."
I realized I needed an expert.
I needed somebody who could go into my head, somebody who could help me understand what they call "the "Particular Paradigm?
And I found a company called Olympic Zally in Pittsburgh.
They helped companies like Northern Africa, February, California to discover that personal market.
If they were able to do it for them, they could surely do it for me.
AB: I brought pictures -- right?
MS: Yeah. The first picture is a family photo.
A: Tell me a little bit about how you relate to your thoughts and feelings, your way to be.
MS: These people model my way to see the world.
A: Tell me in that world.
MS: That world? I think your world is the world in which you live, as people who surround you, your friends, your family, the way you live your life, the work you do.
All of those things are origami, and they start in a place and in my case they are originally organized, and they start in my family, Western Virginia.
A: What's the next one you want to talk?
MS: The next one is the best day of my life."
A: How does this relate to your thoughts, feelings and your way to be?
MS: That's what I want to be.
I like different things.
I like weird things. I like weird things.
A: Tell you about it." What does that serve us?
What is the molecule? What phosphorus phase you find now?
Why is it important to reconsider? What does the red mean?
Tell me a little bit about that.
A little more of you, which is not who you are.
What other metaphors have you done?
It doesn't have to be afraid -- what kind of mountain Russian monkey?
MS: Stone." (Much," thank you. No, thank you.
A: Thank you for your patient, -- (McDon's -- (Music: Yeah. MS: Thank you very much. All right.
MS: Yeah, I don't know what's going to come out of this.
There was a lot of crazy in all this.
Linda Zandela, the first thing I saw was this idea that there are two different sides -- but complex, in your personality of the market, the shape Morgan Spitoid is a conservative market.
They are very well supported together.
And I think there's almost a paradox in them.
And I think some companies just focus on one of their strong dots or the other instead of focusing on both.
A lot of companies have -- and it's human nature -- to avoid the things that are not safe -- they avoid fear, those elements and you actually give them and you get something positive for you, and it's nice to see that.
What other marks are this?
The first here is the classic one. Apple.
And you can also see Tahing here, Window, minister of Miami Cooper and Bellow.
Now there are playful and conscious marks and those things that have gone and come but a contamination brand is a pretty powerful thing.
MS: A constant drug. What's your market?
If somebody asked you to describe your identity identity, your personality personality would be?
Are you a self-assemble observation." Are you someone who makes the blood flow flow?
Or are you more a discovered attractive attractive."
A little more called reserved, reserved a conservative conservative."
The advanced attributes are like being legal to be fresh like the Prison, contemporary contemporary or adventure or addressing or auditional as European Florida, fast or big, professional, dominant, magic or mystic like Galabas.
Or are you more of the destiny attractive?
Are you consciousness, sophisticated as 1970?
You're setting, traditional, provide, protection, do you identify with Oraham?
Are you contracting, stable, familiar, reliable, safe, sacred or wisdom or wise or wise like the Dalai Lama or Every Day?
In the course of this film we had more than 500 companies, and the support and descriptions, they said, "No."
They didn't want to have anything to do with this film, mainly because they wouldn't have control, they wouldn't have control about the final product.
They allowed us to tell the story of the neuroscience, and we got to tell the story in this movie of how they now use magnetic resonance to identify the centers of desire in the brain so much for commercial marketing as for money.
We went to San Paulo where they have banned the public air public.
All over the city over the last five years, there are no values, there are no cards, no volunteers, nothing.
And we went to school district in which companies are doing in schools with problems of elite in the United States.
The incredible thing to me is that the projects I have had the most answer or the ones I've had more success are those I have been interacting with things directly.
And that's what these marks did.
They took the means, they took their agencies, and they said perhaps these agencies don't have my best interest in mind.
I'm going to try directly with an artist.
I'm going to work with him to create something different, something that's going to make people think of the way we look at the world.
And how did they have gone? Did they have success?
Well, since the film is in the Seattle of Sun, let's take a look.
According to Bronx the movie they train in January, and since then, -- and this is not all -- we've had 900 million impressions in the media for this film.
This covered only a period of two and a half weeks ago.
That's just online -- no press.
The film is not distributed.
It's not on the line. It's not in the ground.
It's not even presented in other countries yet.
Ultimately, this movie has already begun to win fuel.
And it's not bad because almost all of the agencies that we talked about to their customers would not be a part.
I've always believed that if you get risks, if you take risks, that in those risks there are opportunities.
I think that when you get the people out of that, you're pushing it into failure.
I think when you train your employees in the risk of the risk you're preparing to all your company to get rewards.
I feel like what has to happen is that we need to encourage people to risk.
We need to encourage people to not fear the opportunities that they can use them.
Ultimately, I think we have to give it place to fear.
We have to put that bear in a store.
We embrace fear. We embrace the risk.
From a knife at a time, we have to embrace the risk.
And in the way, we have to engage the transparency.
Now, more than ever a little honesty is going to run a long way.
And I said this, with honesty and transparency, all of my talk "We are "Baractile Are Address has been presented by my good friends of Chicken who by 70th, bought the rights of the name in eBay.
CM: turning big data into great opportunities for companies around the world.
Schull presents "Adaptation the Transition."
Thank you very much people.
June Cohen: So, Morgan Congo, who happened exactly with those 370-year-old 37-year-old."
MS: It's an amazing question.
In my pocket I have a came to the name of the Matter of TED organization, the Splanation Foundation, a complete chicken for 7,500 to be applied to the TED next year.
The idea behind the Muslim Cultural worm is actually very simple.
We don't want Iran to get the nuclear bomb.
Their greatest asset to develop nuclear weapons is the Russia plant in Natham.
The gray boxes you see are control systems.
If we can compromise these systems that control speed and volumes, we can cause a lot of problems with the center.
The gray boxes don't use the Windows software -- they are a completely different technology.
But if we managed to put an effective virus of Windows in a portable computer used by an engineer to make this gray box, then we're ready.
This is the plan behind Tasmanian.
We started with an instruction Window.
The vision goes into the gray box -- the death death, and the nuclear program is demonstrated, moved mission.
It's easy, is it?
I want to tell you how we discover this.
When we started researching about Starbia six months ago, the purpose was completely discovered.
The only thing that you knew is that it's very, very complex in the Windows, the install used multiple values of dancing.
It seemed to want to do something with these gray boxes, these control systems.
That called us the attention, and we started an experiment where we infect our environment with Stanford, and we saw what happened with this.
So they did very strange things.
Stewart was behaved as a lab rat where he didn't like our cheese -- I wave it, but I didn't want to eat.
I didn't make sense for me.
And then to experiment with different cheese flavors -- I realized, and I thought, "This is a directed attack.
It's completely discovered.
The trickster is actively looking at the gray box if you find a specific configuration, and even if the program that's trying to infect is effectively working in that place.
Now, Stewart does nothing.
So that called my attention, and we started working on this almost 24 hours a day, because I thought, "We don't know what the goal is.
It could be, say, say, an energy plant, or a chemical plant in Germany.
Better than we would find the target soon.
So we extracted and demolished the attack code, and we discovered that I was structured in two digital bombs -- a small and a big.
We also saw that they were armed very professionally by people who obviously had all the internal information.
They knew all the dots for which to attack.
You probably even know how much the operator.
So you know everything.
And if you've heard that the installation of Stewart is complex and of high technology, let me tell you, card is very complex.
It's very above everything we've seen before.
So here you see a sample of this application code.
We're talking about about 15 thousand lines of code.
It looks pretty much like the old sub-Saharan language.
I want to tell you how we could find sense to this code.
What we were looking at at the beginning were called the functions of the system, because we know what they do.
Then we were looking at temperatures and data structures and we try to relate to the real world, with objective potential in the real world.
We need theories on desertifications that we can approved or desperate.
To get to theories about goals, we remember that it's definitely a violent bell, it must be a valuable white white white white white white white white white, because it's where most infections have been represented.
You don't find a number of thousands of targets in that area.
It's basically reduced to the nuclear power plant of Bush and the Sandi-into plant.
So I told my assistant to my assistant and "The "Remote a list of all of the experts in characters and energy plants among our clients.
I called them and put them into an effort by making their experience with what we find in code and data.
And it worked pretty well.
So we could associate the little digital view with the control of the reef.
The broken is that mobile part inside the central, that black object you see.
If you manage the speed of this role, you certainly can break it up, and even make the plant explode.
What we also saw is the goal of the attack was to make it slow and destroy in an obvious effort to get crazy to the nest maintenance engineers so that they couldn't solve this quickly.
We try to figure out the big digital view looking very closely to the data and their structures.
So for example, the number 164 stuff in that code, you can't obvious.
I started looking at scientific literature about how these characters are built in Nation, and I found that they're structured in what's called a store, and every waterfall contains 164 paradoxical.
That had sense, there was a coincidence.
And it became better yet.
These fractions in Iran are divided in 15 parts of the stage.
And guess what do we find in the attack code?
A almost identical structure.
So again, that was a good coincidence.
This gave us a lot of confidence in understanding what we had between hands.
So not balanced, it wasn't like that.
The results have been got after several weeks of hard work.
We would just end up in clubs without out, and we had to start again.
Even so, we found that both of these digital girls were pointing on one and very goal, but from different angle.
The tiny little bit is taking a waterfall up, and by making the broken drops and putting them up, and the big girl is communicating with six cards and manipulating violence.
In course, we are very confident that we have determined what development is.
It's Nature, and it's just National.
We should not worry that other targets are achieved by Spitoid.
So here I show you some very interesting things that we saw, really struck me.
There is the gray box, and you see the forests look like.
What this thing is doing is to intercept the input values for the sensors, for example, from pressure sensors and video sensors and provide legitimate code, which is still running during the attack, with false input data.
And standard or not, this fake input data are asked by Steward.
It's like the Hollywood movies where, during the robot, the security camera became a private video.
Is it great huh?
The idea here is obviously not just going to look at the operators in the control room.
It's really much more dangerous and good.
The idea is to fix a digital security system.
We need digital security systems where a human operator couldn't act fast.
For example, in an energy plant, when the great steam turbine gets out of speed, you need to open up clouds in a millisecond.
Obviously, this can't make it a human operator.
That's where we need digital security systems.
And when they're committed then you can go bad stuff.
The plant can exploit.
And not the choices or the security system will notice it.
That scares up.
But it can be worse.
What I'm going to say is very important.
Think about this. This attack is general.
It has nothing to do, specifically, with focus, with strangers of logic.
It could work too, for example, in an energy plant, or in a car factory.
It's genetic.
And you don't have a carefully, which is going to play this load with a USB key, as we saw in the case of Stephane.
You could also use conventional technology to be able to do it.
Disappear the most possible.
And if you do that, with what you end up with is a grandmother of mass destruction.
That's the consequence we should face.
Unfortunately, the largest number of targets for such attacks is not in the Middle East.
It's in the United States and in Japan.
All green areas are spaces with large number of goals.
We should face the consequences and better than we start to prepare now.
Thank you.
Chris Anderson: I have a question.
Rabbil, has been done in so many sides that people assume that the Mosop is the main entity behind this.
What is your opinion?
Ralph Long Long," OK, really want to hear this?
Yeah. Okay.
My view is that the Most is involved, but the engine is not Israel.
The engine behind this is the cyber supply.
There is one one, and that's the United States of the United States.
Because otherwise, our problems would be even larger.
CA: Thank you. Thank you, Railr.
I want you to imagine a robot that you can take and give you storm skills, or another one that makes use of wheelchair users come back and walk.
In Berkeley Bings, we call these robots, extraces.
It's nothing different from something that gets put in the morning, gives you a great strength, which is also increases your speed, and it helps you, for example, to manage the balance.
It's actually the real integration of man and the machine.
But not just that -- it can integrate it and connect it with the universe and with other external things.
This is not a great idea.
So to show you now in what we're working on started to talk about the American soldier who, in average, it has to be taken on their back, a chart of 45 pounds -- and it's demanding to get more equipment.
Obviously, this leads to some important complications -- injuries on the back, 30 percent of the soldiers -- with chronic damage.
We decided to engage this challenge and create a exoskeleton that could help handle the thing.
Let me introduce you to the HIV/AIDS -- or portrayed Human Human Charters.
Soldier: With the HIV extra I can cut 90 pounds per matter for many hours.
Their flexible design, it allows you to put in computers to run up and run up movements with great agency.
But what I want to do, or where I want to go, and then it increases my force and my resistance.
Orean Bellow." We're ready, with our industrial partner, to produce this device, this new exoskeleton this year.
So it's a reality.
We're going to go back to the users of wheelchair, about what I feel particularly passionate about.
There are 68 million people, in the wheelchair of wheels around the world.
About one percent of the total population.
And this is a really conservative calculation here.
We talk about something that happens in frequency -- very young people, with damage in the vertical column that their life -- at the age of 20, 30 or 40 years -- come into a wall and the wheelchair of the wheelchair will be their only option.
We also talk about the population that you have to make it quickly.
His only option, many times -- by a brain injury, or some other complex -- is the wheelchair chair.
And this has been that for the last 500 years, from his successful application, as I have to recognize.
So we decided to start writing a new chapter about mobility.
So let me introduce you to the electronics who are using Amanda Bobotic who was 19 years ago in the vertical column, and as a result, she couldn't walk for 19 years, so far.
Amanda Bonoxatt: Thank you.
EB: Amanda is using our CO2, which I mentioned.
It has some sensors.
Not inventive in the crutches that send signals to the edge of the board, here in the back.
There are all the batteries that give rise to the motors in the hip, and in the knees, and they make it go with this very strong and very natural.
AB: I was 24 years old at the top of my life when, by a stranger jump in the air, skiing down the bottom of the standard.
In a fraction of second, I lost every feeling and all of the moving movements.
A little bit later, a doctor went into my room room in the hospital, and he said, "Woman, you'll never walk again.
That happened 19 years ago.
And so I stole to the last kind of hope of my being.
The technology of adaptation since then, he has allowed me to learn how to slow up on the bottom of them, climbing rocks and even riding bike bike.
But you haven't invented anything that allows me to walk, so far.
Thank you.
EB: As you can see, we have technology, we have the platforms to sit and talk to you.
It's in our hands, and we have all the potential here to change the life to future generations.
AB: Thank you.
I just came back from a community that has the secret of human survival.
It's a place where women have the baton -- they practice sex to say hello, and the game is the order of the day, where fun is a serious thing.
And no, it's not the fear of the Arab Man or San Francisco.
Ladies and gentlemen, you know their cousin.
This is the world of the wild bribe of the forests of Congo.
Bonobos are together with chimpanzees, their closest living particulars.
That means that we all share a common ancestor, an evolutionary grandmother that lived about six million years ago.
Now, chimps are known by their adventure.
But unfortunately, we've done too much sitting on this aspect in our narrative of human evolution.
But the bonobos show us the other side of the coin.
Whereas chimpanzees are dominated by big guys, territorial, the Bonobo society is in charge of females with power.
These guys have created something special because this leads to a very tolerant society where lethal violence has not been observed yet.
But unfortunately, Bonobos are the least understood of the great apes.
They live in the depths of the conference search, and it's been very hard to study them.
The Congo is a paradigm a land of extraordinary biodiversity and beauty, but also the heart of the tense itself, scenario of a violent conflict that has been programmed for decades, and caused almost as many deaths as the First World War.
It's not surprising that this destruction is also putting the survival of the Bonobo.
Hard meat trade and deforestation make you cannot fill up a stadium with the Bonobos who stay in the world, and honest, we're not sure of it.
However, in this land of violence and chaos can hear the laughter screening of the trees.
Who are these primes?
We know them as the single apes made the love -- not the war -- because they have frequent sex and printing and bisexual to handle conflict and solve social problems.
I'm not saying that this is the solution to all of the problems in humanity because the life of Bonobos is more than the Khmer Sure.
Bonds, like humans, love playing throughout their life.
Play is not just a game of children.
For us and for them the game is fundamental to establish locations and to promote the tolerance.
And with him we learn how to trust, and we learn the rules of play.
Play increases creativity and resilience, and it has to do with generation of diversity, diversity of interactions of behaviors, diversity diversity, connections.
And when you look at the computer game, you see the evolutionary roots themselves, the dance and the human ritual.
The game is the glue that unites us.
I don't know how you play you, but I want to show you a couple of unique videos of the wild medium.
First, it's a baby style play, and I don't talk about political.
Here's a female and a young male in the middle of an effect.
Look at what she is doing.
It could be the evolutionary origin of the phrase -- it has taken out of balls."
I just think that in this case he loves it, right?
Yeah.
So sexual game is common as much as in humans.
And this video is really interesting because it shows -- this video really is interesting because it shows the invention of bringing unusual elements to the game -- like the scales, and also how play requires trust and foster trust, and at the same time it's the most fun.
But the game is coloring.
The game is physical, it can take a lot of forms, some of which are more pretty stupid, imagination, curiosity, maybe the place where the wonder.
And I want you to look at this -- this is Future, a young female who is playing with water in the water.
I think, like it, sometimes we played together, and we explored the limits of our inner and outer worlds.
And it's that legal curiosity that drives us to explore, and then the unexpected connections that we form is the real advantage of creativity.
These are just little samples of the understanding that Bonobos give us our past and present.
But they also have a secret for our future, a future in which we have to adapt to a more difficult world with more creativity and more cooperation.
The secret is that the game is the key to these abilities.
In other words, the game is our kind of adaptation.
In order to adapt to a world that changes we need to play.
But will we take the maximum of our game capacity.
The game is not favorite.
The game is essential.
For Bonobos and humans, the life is not just cruel and shooting.
When you look at the least appropriate to play, they can be the moments that it's the most urgent thing.
So the raw progress, we accept this gift of evolution and play together while we discovered creativity, friendship and wonder.
Thank you.
In New York I'm responsible for a nonprofit organization called Robin Hour.
When I am not eating poverty, women as a captain assistant in a body of volunteer forces.
And in our city, where the volunteers come to a highly skilled staff, you have to get to the site of the fire very soon to get into action.
I remember my first fire.
I was the second volunteer in the site, so I had a pretty high chance to go.
But there was still a career standing against the other volunteers to get to charge and figure out what our task was.
When I found the captain, I was fascinated in a conversation with the owner that certainly was going through one of the worst days of his life.
We were at the end of the night, she stood outside in the rain, under a parking, desperately destination, while his house was in flames.
The other volunteer that I just arrived before I did, called Lewis Luther --  he came first to the captain and he was asked to go and save the dog of the house.
The dog," I was so clear.
There was a lawyer or a gesture of money that, during the rest of his life, would have to tell people who came into a building in call to save a living self just because I won for five seconds.
Well, I was the next one.
The captain made me a gang.
He said, "Ben, I need to go into the house.
I need to go up the fire, and he brings this woman a couple of shoes."
I swear it.
It wasn't exactly what I expected but I went -- I put up the stairs at the end of the hallway -- I went to the real firemen that that high or less had finished turning out the fire and went into the main room in search of a couple of shoes.
I know what you're thinking, but I'm not a hero.
I took my load back to the staircase where I met my Number and the beautiful dog in the front door.
We got out of the house for the house debate where, as a expected, his wish received a lot more attention than mine.
A few weeks later, the department received a letter of the house against the brave effort demonstrating to save his house.
The kindness that she observed on the other was that someone had reached it even a couple of shoes.
So much in my satisfaction in Robin Hour like my vocabulary as a volunteer bomb I'm a witness of generosity and kindness in a monoling scale, but also from acts of grace and courage at the individual level.
And you know what have I learned?
Everything has its importance.
So when I look at this room to people who have reached, or are to do, remarkable levels of success like this: don't wait.
They don't wait to win the first million to make a difference in somebody's lives.
If you have something to give.
They save food in a dining dining commercial park.
Be mentors.
Not every day we're going to have a chance to save someone's lives, but every day we're going to be able to influence somebody's lives.
So they go into the game. They save the shoes.
Thank you.
Bruno Giussani: Mark, Mark, come back.
Mark Berners: Thank you.
This may seem odd, but I'm a great adjust of the concrete block.
The first concrete blocks were made in 1876 with a very simple idea: cement modules of a fixed measure that each other.
Very quickly, these became the most used building unit in the world.
They have allowed us to build bigger things that we, like buildings or bridges -- a line at a time.
Essentially, these blocks have become the pillars of our time.
Almost a quarter of a hundred years later, in 1949, LGBT came up with this.
This was called automatic allies.
And within a few years, Lewis laughter came to all the homes.
It is estimated that over 400 billion or 75 launches per person on the planet.
You don't have to be engineer to build beautiful bridges or buildings or houses.
LIGO made it accessible.
LIGO simply adopted the concrete block -- the favorite in the world, and it turned it into a fundamental piece of our imagination.
Meanwhile, exactly that same year in the Bell labs, the next revolution was about to add the new building block.
The transistor was a small plastic unit that would take us from a world of aesthetic rainforests that would take us out of a world of a world where everything was interactive.
Like the control block, the transistor allows to create a lot more and more complex circuits and a brick at a time.
But there's a main difference: the transistor was just for experts.
I personally don't accept it, that the building blocks of our time are reserved to experts, so I decided to change it.
Eight years ago, when I was at the Media Lab, I started exploring the idea of bringing the power of engineers into artists and designers.
A few years ago, I started developing Liliardoods.
Let me show you how they work.
Litspechers are electronic modules each with a specific function.
They're predicted to be light, sound, motors and sensors.
And the best thing about everything is that they get together through the minutes.
So you can't put it wrong.
The bricks have a color code.
The green is the movie, the blue is the correlation, the pink is the input and the one of orange color is the wire.
So you just have to assemble a blue with a green and very quickly, you can start making bigger circuits.
A blue with a green produce light.
We can put a button in the middle, and so we have a regulators here.
If you change the button for a pulse cord, which is here, and now we have an integral light.
We added this terrorist to create more impact and we have a noise machine.
I'm going to stop this.
So beyond the simple game, Litights are actually very powerful.
Instead of having to program and connect and sold, Linuxan allows us to program using very simple intuitive gestures using us.
In order to get faster or slower -- you just turn this button that makes the pulse faster or slower.
The idea behind Little Little Listressions is that it's a growing collection.
We want all of the interactions in the world to be reduced by ready leaders to use.
Lives, sounds, solar panels, motors, everything must be accessible.
We have given Lesters to children to see them play with them.
And it's been an incredible experience.
The best is how they start to understand the electronics of every day that you don't learn in schools.
For example, how a light of night works, or why the door of an elevator gets open, or how an iPod responds to the touch.
We've also taken Listricts to design schools.
So for example, designers without an electronics in electronics start playing with limitations like a material.
Here you can see, with bottles of paper and filter, we have George creation.
(Music sounds)  So a few weeks ago, we took Listress to the Rhode School designers of Rhode Island School who don't have any experience in engineering, just to singer, wood and paper, and we said, do something.
Here's an example of a project that you've done, a confusion of confusion active by movement.
But wait, here comes my favorite project.
It's a language made of slide that is afraid of darkness.
For these non-legged engineers, Litolica became another material, the electronics became another material.
And we want this material to be in the top of everyone.
So Little Little Bill has open code.
You can visit the website. You can download all the design files and manufacture them.
We want to encourage a world of creators and inventors and collaborators because this world we live, this interactive world, is ours.
Go ahead and invented.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk to you today about unexpected discoveries.
I work in the solar technology.
And my little company is looking for involved with the environment.
distributed collaboration.
This is a little video of what we do.
Hmm. Wait for a moment.
You can take a little bit into charge.
We can continue to get the video on one side.
No.
This is not it.
All right.
Solar technology is.
Oh, you know, time time?
Thank you very much. Thank you.
A couple of years ago, I launched an initiative to recruit the best designers and techniques to take a year and work in an environment that represents almost every single thing that they are supposed to work in the government.
The initiative was called "Cap for America and they would be like a Peace Books for Penns to make them.
We select some members every year and we put them to work with the musicians.
Instead of taking them to the Third World will send them to the so-called supercomputer world.
They made great applications working with the municipal employees.
His task is to show the possibilities of the technology today.
You know Al All.
It's a Higgs city hydrogen.
Here it appears as if I would look for a quote, but what you really find is that somebody cleaned it up when you get caught by the snow because it knows that it's not very good at turning fires when it's covered by a meter of snow.
How did he ask for help like this, so simulative?
Last year in Boston, we had a team of "Montrus for America."
They were there in February, and at that time it was a lot of last year.
They realized that the city never clean these hydrogen hydrogen.
But one of the members called Erik Michael noticed something else: that citizens cleaned up with the sidewalks right in front of them.
So he did like any good programmer, developed an app.
It's a nice application where you can adopt a shark.
You accept to clean it when I notice.
When you did, you put a name, in this case he got it.
If you don't do it, somebody can relax.
I mean, it has a legal company.
It's a modest application.
Maybe it's the smallest of the 21 programmed applications last year.
But it does something that no other government technology does.
And it's spread in viral form.
One responsible of systems of the city of Honolulu, when you saw this app realized that I could use it -- not for snow, but for citizens to get citizens of turtle.
It's really important that they work this transportation of tsunami, but people were stealing the batteries.
So I ask citizens to control them.
And then Seattle decided to use it to make citizens get rid of the taped sands.
And Chicago just launched it to get people registered to clean sidewalks when it comes in.
So now we know about nine cities that plan to use it.
And this has been disappeared without fictions, organic and natural ways.
If you know a little bit of government technology you will know this doesn't normally happen.
software acquisition usually takes a couple of years.
Last year in Boston, we had a team working on a project that took three people for two and a half months.
It was a tool so that parents could choose the best public school for their children.
Then he told us that I had done it by the normal channels would have taken at least two years and cost about two million dollars.
And that's not anything.
Now there's a project in the judicial power of California that until the moment has been 2,000 million dollars and it doesn't work.
And there are projects like this in every level of government.
And so an app that is programmed in a couple of days and disappeared in a viral way is a fortune of warning to the institution of government.
It suggests the government better ways of working, not like private companies, like a lot of people think it should be.
Not as a technological company, but rather as the Internet itself.
I mean, without restrictions in an open and general way.
And that's important.
But the most important thing about this app is that it represents the way to address the question of the government that has the new generation -- not as a problem of an unstable institution but as a problem of collective action.
And that's really good because it turns out we're very good at collective action with digital technology.
And there's a very large community of people who are building tools so we work together with efficacy.
And it's not just "Code for America but there are hundreds of people around the country that contributed with civic applications every day in their own communities.
They haven't given for the government.
They feel a big frustration to that, but they don't complain -- they fix it.
And these people know something we've lost from view.
And it is that if we leave the feelings about politics, the line at the Sunday DVD -- and all those other things that put us crazy, the government is, essentially, in the words of Tim Richard," what we do together because we only can't.
Now, a lot of people have abandoned the government.
If you are one of those people, I will ask you to recognize it, because things are changing.
Politics didn't change, the government.
And because the government ultimately threatens us -- remember that of us, the power? The way of thinking about how to affect the change.
I didn't know a lot about government when I started with this.
And as a lot of people thought that government is to choose people to occupy charges.
Well, after two years I've come to the conclusion that the government is mostly of arms.
This is the center of phone care and information.
It is the place that comes up with the calls if you mark 1891 in America.
Scott got this call.
Incoming in the official knowledge base.
I didn't find anything. It started with animal control.
And finally he said, "Hey, can you open the doors of the house, put it right around and see if you go?
And it worked. So for Scott.
But that wasn't the end of the range.
Boston has no call.
It has a specialist, web and mobile phone, called Congress Connecticut."
We don't program that application.
It was the work of very smart people from the New York University of Boston.
One day, this really happened this question, "I mean, "Architecture in my junk cube -- I don't know if it's dead.
How do I do it for the leave?
The dynamic of "Design Connecticut is different.
Scott was talking in person.
In Circles Connection everything is public, so you can all see this.
In this case, he saw it a neighbor.
The next report, he said, "I took the place, I found the garbage behind the house.
Zimbabwe? Yeah. Having Video: Yes.
He turned the cube back. I went home.
Good night, sweet the right?
Pretty simple.
This is great. It's the confluence of the digital and the physical.
And it's also a great example of the government income for distributed voluntary collaboration.
But it's also a great example of government as a platform.
And I don't necessarily mean the technology of platform.
I talk about a platform for people to stand up and help others.
So, a citizen helped another one, but here the government had a key paper."
I connected the two people.
And you could have connected to government services to be necessary but the neighbor is a better alternative and cheaper than government services.
When one neighbor helps another, we do the communities.
If you call the control of animals, that costs a lot of money.
One important thing that we have to think about government is that it's not the same as politics.
A lot of people understand it, but they think that one is the entrance of the other.
That our entry to the government system is the vote.
How many times have you chosen a political leader, sometimes we spend a lot of energy to choose a new political leader, and then we hope that government reflects our values and saves our needs, but then we don't see changes.
That is because the government is like a massive ocean and politics is the superfluing layer of 15 feet.
So underneath is what we call burials.
And we say that word with a lot of waste.
But it is that waste that keeps that that makes us feel that we finance as something that is operating in our back, that other thing, and in consciousness we're losing power.
People believe that politics is feeling.
If we want this institution to work we will have to make the bureaucracy sense.
Because that's where the real government works.
We have to collaborate with the government machine.
That makes the movement Country.
Have you seen them?
This is a group of concerned citizens who have written a very detailed report from 254 pages in response to the Science (Chinese Project on the financial reform project.
That's not political activity, it's bureaucratic activities.
And for those of us who have gone into the government, it's time that we asked what the world we want to leave our children.
You have to look at the huge challenges that they will have to face.
Do you really believe that we will get to where we have to go without solving the institution that you can act on behalf of all?
We can't go for government, we need it to be more effective.
The good news is that with technology is possible to rethink the function of government so that I can expand by protecting civil society.
There is a generation that grew up with the Internet, and you know it's not so hard to act, you just have to articulate the systems in the right way.
The age of age of our members is 28 years now, so I was a graduate generation than many of them.
This is a generation that has grown up taking the word and giving that almost for granted.
They're not giving that battle that we all face about who's going to talk about, everybody will talk.
You can express your opinions in any channel at the same time and do it.
So when you face the government problem don't matter to make their voices hear their voices.
They're using your hands.
They put hands to the work to program applications that make the government work.
And those applications allow us to use our hands to improve our communities.
It can be cleaning a story, but it can be striking backs, adding a curve of garbage that has an irony inside.
Of course, we could always have clean those historians and lots of people do.
But these applications are as digital reminder that we're not just consumers -- we're not just consumers of government that we pay taxes and get services.
We are more than that, we are citizens.
And we're not going to fix government until we don't get the citizen back.
So I want to ask all of you all the way when it comes to the important things we have to do together, all together, will we be a voices, or are we going to be a male multiplay?
Thank you.
This is for me a real honor.
I have spent most of the time in prison and prisons and the dead of death.
I've spent most of my life in marginalized communities, in projects and places where there's a lot of despair.
And I'll be here at TED here watching and hearing these stars have given me a lot of energy.
One of the things I've noticed in this short time, is that TED has identity.
And the things that are told here is impact around the world.
In occasions, if something comes from TED, it makes a sense and a force that would not be in any other way.
I mean this because I think identity is really important.
Here we have seen fantastic presentations here.
And I think we've learned that the words of a professor can have a lot of sense, but if you think about it, you can have a special meaning.
A doctor can do good things, I was a caring, it can achieve much more.
So I want to talk about the power of identity.
I didn't really learn this in the practice of the right, my work.
I learned from my grandmother.
I grew up in a traditional house of an African-American family dominated by a marriage, which was my grandmother.
It was hard, it was strong, I had power.
It was the last word in all discussions in family.
She starts a lot of the decisions in our home.
It was people who had been slavery.
Their parents were born in slavery in Virginia about 1847.
She was born about 1888 and his experience with slavery.
She was hard, but it was also border.
When I was a little and I looked at her, she came up to me and gave me a good hug to me.
I was so strong that I could barely breathe, and then I jumped up.
One or two hours later, I went back to looking at it, and she came up to me and said, "Bretter, you still feel my open?
And if I said no, I would grab you again, and if I told him I know, I was left in peace.
I had this human quality that made you always wish to be close to it.
The only problem is that I had 10 children.
My mother was at least 10.
In times, when I was going to spend a time with her, it wasn't easy to capture his time and his attention.
My cousins were running everywhere.
I remember when I was eight or nine years old, I woke up one morning, and I went into the room and there were all my cousins right there.
My grandmother was on the other side of the room and looked at me.
At first, I thought it was a game.
So I looked at it and surrounded, but she was very serious.
After 15 to 20 minutes, she got up, and she got up the room, and he took me out of my hand and said, "You see Brief. We're both going to convert."
I remember this as if it was yesterday.
I'll never forget it.
He took me outside, and he said, "Good, I'll tell you something, but you can't tell anyone.
I said, "Okay, Mam."
She said, "Now make sure you won't do it." I said, "Sure."
Then I sat down, and he looked at me and said, "I want you to know I've been watching you."
And he said, "I think you're special.
He said, "I think you can do what you want.
I'll never forget it.
Then he said, "I just want you to promise me three things: Brian.
I said, "So Mama.
And he said, "The first thing I want you to promise me is you always want to do your mother."
Ala: "She is my quote, and you've got to promise me to always take care of it."
As I approached my mom, I said, "Yeah, Mom, so I'll do."
And then he said, "The second thing I want you to promise you is that you always will do the right thing that the right thing is to be hard."
I thought about it, and I said, "Yeah, Mam. So I'll do it."
Then finally he said, "The third thing I want you to promise is that they never drink alliance."
I was nine years old, and I said, "Yes, Mamma, I'll do it."
I grew up in the field -- in the rural South, I have a brother a year and a sister a year a year.
When I was 14 -- 15 -- one day my brother came home with a six benefits package -- I don't know where I got it, I got to my sister and me and we went for the forest.
We just get through the radical rights.
He took a beer shoe, offered my sister, she took a little bit and offered me to me.
I said, "No, no, no. Okay. You go, but I'm not going to take a back."
My brother said, "Come on. Today you do it. And you always do the same thing that we are.
I already took something, your sister as well.
I said, "No. I wouldn't feel good, you can go."
Then my brother looked at me.
And he said, "What's going on? Take a bell."
I kept looking at it with force and I said, "Oh, not to be thinking about the conversation with Mamma.
I said, "But what are you talking about?
He said, "Mammoth tells all the grandchildren that are special.
I was a story.
I have to admit something to you.
I'll tell you something that you probably shouldn't say.
I know that this will be widely spreading.
But I'm 52 years old, and I can admit I've never taken a drop of alcohol.
I don't mean by thinking that it was a virtual -- I say it for the power that identity.
When we create the right kind of identity, we say things to the other people that they really don't see any sense.
We can't get them to do things that don't believe to do.
I think my grandmother naturally believed that all of his grandchildren were special.
My grandfather had been prisoners during the proposition.
My uncle died of age-related diseases with alcohol.
And these were the things that we had to commit with.
Now, try to talk about our criminal justice system.
This country is very different than what was 40 years ago.
In 1977, there were 300,000 prisoners.
There are two billion.
In America, we have the largest incarceration rate of the world.
We have seven million people in conventional freedom.
And this massive deployment, in my opinion, has fundamentally changed our world.
In poor communities or black communities, you find so much design, so much despair, determined by these facts.
One of three black cells between the 18 and the 30 is in jail or in parole.
In the urban communities across the country, Los Angeles, Philadelphia, Washington, Washington, 50 to 60 of all of the young people in color are in jail or controlled freedom.
Our system is not only distorted in front of race, it's also about poverty.
In this country, we have a judicial system that is much better if you're rich and guilty than if you are poor and innocent.
It's not completely, but wealth is what the results are.
And it seems like we feel very fund.
The politics of fear and strong makes us believe that these are not problems us.
We're disconnected.
It seems interesting.
We're looking at our work some very curious development.
In my state, in Alabama, as well as in other states, you're privileged of rights for always if you have a criminal condition.
Right now in Alabama, 35 percent of the black male population has lost the right to the vote.
And if we project it over the next 10 years, the leadership level of rights will be as elevated as it was before they would pass the law on the right to vote.
We have this amazing silence.
I represent children.
Many of my customers are very young.
The United States is the only country in the world where you feel like children of 13 years to die in prison.
We have in this prison country for kids, no chance to go out before.
Right now we are in the process of some literacts.
The only country in the world.
It represents people at the edge of death.
This issue of death penalty is interesting.
In a certain sense, have you been taught to think that the final question is, people deserve dying through the committed crime?
A very sensitive question.
But you can think of another way about how we are in our identity.
There's another way of looking at it: it's not about deciding whether people deserve to die through the common crimes, but if we deserve killed.
This is interesting.
The death penalty in America is defined by error.
In every nine people, you have identified one that is innocent that is excited and released from the corridors of death.
A rate of error, amazing -- an incomplete of every nine.
This is interesting.
They would not allow you to be allowed to be allowed by any aircraft if every single one of them would disappear, you would have started.
But somehow we are isolating from the problem.
It's not our problem.
It's not our charge.
It's not our struggle.
I talk a lot about these things.
I talk about race and this issue of whether we deserve killing.
It's interesting that my students about American history, I talk to you about slavery.
I talk to you about terrorism, the time that started at the end of the reconstruction and it took to World War II.
We really don't know a lot about this.
But for black Americans in this country, it was a bit defined by the land.
In many communities, people were afraid to be scraped.
He worried to be bombed.
The threat of the terror was what he defined their lives.
Now there are people who are closer to me, and they say, "Mr. Stevens, you tell talks, you make speeches -- I give people who stop saying that in our history we were dealing with the first time with terrorism, after 11,000 11steens.
I asked me to say, "No."
The age of terrorism, it was obviously with security and decades of racial pollution and separation.
In this country, we have a dynamic that we don't like to talk about our problems.
We don't like to talk about our story.
And that's why we haven't understood the meaning of what we historically have done.
All the time we collide each other.
We constantly create tensions and conflict.
It costs us work to talk about races -- I think it's because we're not willing to engage with a process of truth and reconciliation.
In South Africa, people understood that they couldn't overcome racial segregated without a commitment with truth and reconciliation.
In Rwanda, even before the genocide had this commitment, but in this country we haven't done it.
I was in Germany giving talks about death penalty conservation.
It was fascinating because one of the teachers stood after my presentation and said, "You know it's okay to listen to what you say.
Adam: We don't have death row in Germany.
We will naturally be able to have it here.
The room was sitting in silence and a lady said, "There's no way that with our history, we can never get into the systematic death of human beings.
It would be irrational to us, intentional and deliberately -- we moved to execute people.
Think about this.
How would we feel in a world where a nation like Germany, would go to people, especially if they were in their most car?
We couldn't tolerate it.
It would be a waste.
And yet, there is this disconnection.
I think our identity is in danger.
If you don't really worry about these hard issues, positive and wonderful things are, however, implemented.
We love innovation.
It fascinated technology. We worship creativity.
We love the entertainment.
But lately those realities are embedded by the suffering, the abuse, the degradation, the magnitude.
In my view, you need to integrate both things.
We finally talked about the need to have more hope, greater engagement -- more dedication with the basic challenges of this complex world.
I think that means spending more time thinking and talking about the poor, the wife, those who will never get to TED.
Think of them is, in a way, something that's within our being.
It's true that we have to believe in issues that we haven't seen.
That's what we are. Even though it's so rational to be so rational, so committed to the intellectual one.
With innovation, the development comes not only of brain ideas.
These things come from ideas as well as the heart confidence.
This connection of the mind with the heart is what drives us not just in bright and delicate, but also the dark and the difficult.
Pack Hans, the great leader, talked about this.
He said, "When we were in East Europe suffering the oppression -- we wanted all kinds of things, but mostly what we needed to be hope, writing for spirit, a willingness to be in sites of despair and being designers."
Well, that orientation for the spirit is pretty much in the heart of what I think, that still in communities like TED, must be empowered.
There's no description related to technology and design, which allows us to be truly human if we don't pay attention to poverty, exclusive to inequality.
Now I want to warn you that these thoughts make a much more challenging identity than if we ignore these things.
Let's get you back to them.
I had the great privilege, being a very young lawyer, to meet Rosa Parks.
These women become just to talk.
Occasionally, the Carry lady called me, to tell me, "Oh, the lady. We're going to meet me to speak.
Do you want to come and listen to it?
I was like, "Be lady. I do."
So she said, "Well, what do you do when you come from?"
I said, "You hear it."
So I was going and I just heard them.
It was very variable, very immuning.
And in an occasion, I was there, listening to these days, and after a couple of hours, Ms. Parks led to me and said, "Now -- Greek, let me get that idea of equal justice.
Tell me what you're trying to do."
And I started giving my speech.
I said, "Well, we're trying to question the injustice.
We try to help the ones who have been connected for.
We try to confront prejudice and discrimination in criminal justice management.
We tried to end up with the feelings of life, without parole.
We tried to do something about the death row.
We tried to reduce the population in jail.
We tried to fit the massive laws.
I gave him all my best speech, and when I ended up looked at me and said, "And Mimolla moment move.
And he said, "Let's start to struggle very aurogantic.
At that time, Mr. Carrie leaned up, put my finger in his face and said, "It's why you have to be very, very insight."
I think the TED community has to be much more valuable.
We need to find ways to address those challenges, those problems, that suffering.
Because finally humanity depends on compassion for others.
I've learned some very simple things in my work.
I've been educated in simple things.
I've come to understand and believe that every one of us is higher at the worst we have comes.
I think that's true for everybody on the planet.
I'm convinced that if someone says a lie, it's not because it's a liar.
I'm sure if someone takes something that doesn't belong to you, it's not a light.
Even if someone kills another, it's not that it's a sandwich.
So I think there's a basic dignity in people who must be respected by law.
I also believe that in many parts of this country, and certainly in many parts of the world, the opposite of poverty is not wealth.
This is not.
I really think that in many parts of the opposite is justice.
And finally, I think that even though it's very dramatic -- very beautiful, very excited, very startup, we will not judge for our technology, for our design, not by our intellectual or rational capacity.
At the end of the day, you judge the character of a society, not the way it treat the rich, powerful and predictable, but by the way they treat the poor, the contents, the prisoners.
Because it's in this context as we started to understand truly deep issues about what we are.
I feel silent. I'm going to end up with a story.
Sometimes I make too much force.
I got married, like all.
Sometimes those ideas go beyond my reasoning in an important way.
I've been representing these kids who have been sitting with a lot of sleep.
I go to jail and I see my clients about 13 and 14 years old, which have been standing for them as adults.
And I start thinking, how can it be?
How can a judge turn someone into what's not it?
The judge took it as adults, but I see a child.
A very late night I was saying -- for God, if the judge can become something you don't are, it must have magical powers.
Yeah, Brad, the judge has magical power.
You should ask some of that.
As I was too late, I couldn't think properly, but I started working on a movement.
I had a 14 year-old client -- a little pop, poor, black.
I started working on the movement, with a learning that was like, "Movement for my 14-year-old black man being treated as a private private of 75 years, excited from a corporation."
In the modern music, I had that there had been independent in the accident, in the behavior of the police and in the process.
There was an atmospheric line about how in this country there is no ethics, but a whole lack of ethics.
And the next morning I woke up thinking that instant motivation would be a dream, or really write?
For my horror, not only had it cut it, but I had sent it to the short run.
About two months, I had already forgotten it.
And I finally decided --  God, I have to go to court for this stupid case.
I went into the car, and I felt truly anger, absolutely.
I went in the car to the trial.
I thought this would be very, very difficult and pension.
I finally lowered the car. I walked to the judge.
I was going up the stairs when I met with a older black man -- it was the consumer conservation.
When he saw me, he came to me and said, "Who is you?"
I said, "I'm a lawyer: he replied, "Are you space? I said yes.
And so I was struck up and hug me.
And it whispered me in the ear.
He said, "I'm proud of you."
I have to tell you now that that was a huge thing.
So that was deeply connected with my interior, with my identity with the ability that we all have to contribute to the community with a vision of hope.
Well, I went into the audience room.
When I walked in, the judge saw me.
He said, "Mr. Stevenson, you wrote this husband mosquito?
I said, "Yes, Mr. I was me." And we started discussing it.
People started to get there. They were all independently.
I was the one who had written out of them.
The cops came out the punishment species, the authoritarianism.
Suddenly, without knowing how, the room was filled with people, all funds because we talked about races, because we talked about poverty, because we talked about inequality.
With the eyes of the eye, I went to see the advice that went and came to see the conservation.
I looked down the window, and he killed all that gray.
I still walk here and for there.
Finally, this old black, with face of concern, came into the room and sat behind me, almost at the lawyers table.
About 10 minutes later, the judge decided a recession.
During the heart of a glass of the glass was dependent on because the advice had entered the room.
The assistant was stuck on the old black.
He said, "Jim, what do you do in the audience room?
And the old black stood out of foot, looked at the task, looked at me and said, "I went to this audience room to tell this young man who kept his view on the target of the graph."
I have come to TED because I think a lot of you understand that the moral bow of the universe is very big, but it folds towards justice.
That we can't be truly evolved to evolve if we don't care about human rights and dignity.
That our survival is tied to the others.
That our visions of technology, design, entertainment and creativity should be tied to fatality, compassion and justice.
And on top of all, to those of the speakers who share this, I just want to tell you that they keep the view in the goal with fish.
Thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: You just heard and see an obvious wish of the audience, in this community, to help in your purposes of doing something.
Something that's not a chess. What can we do?
BL: There are several different opportunities here.
If you live in the state of California, for example, there will be a show of this spring in which a effort is going to be able to look at the funds that you spend today in punishment policy.
For example, here in California, they are going to spend a billion dollars in the death penalty in the next five years.
And despite this, 44 percent of the Chinese cases don't conclude in arrested.
65 percent of the rapes don't get to anything.
Here's an opportunity of change.
This refugee is going to propose that these funds are displaced to make the law, security.
I think there's a very close opportunity.
CA: There has been an enormous decline in civilization in the United States, in the last three decades.
Part of the explanation, it says it has to do with the largest incarceration rate.
What would you say to those who think that is this?
JS: Actually, the rate of crime with violence has remained relatively stable.
The big growth in this country is not for crimes with violence.
It's for the wrong war against drugs.
This is why this dramatic increases in the carbon population.
And we let us convince the post-conflict back.
We have three legal causes to bring people to perfect chain, to rob a bicycle, for small crimes against property instead of making them give them those resources to their victims.
I think we have to do more to help the victims of crime and not less.
It seems to me that our philosophy today about punishment does nothing for anybody.
I think that's the orientation that has to change.
CA: Brief, we've been excited about this here today.
You're very inspiring.
Thank you very much for having come to TED. Thank you.
Blue: They grow the threats by the death of Bin Laden.
Social 2: Hamburger in Somalia -- Milo 3: The police raised O.C.
Solar 4: Clarkers wasted -- the Smotor Fife."
Smile X: Social decidement. Smell 7, 65 dead.
Sock eight: Alex television. Mortage 9: Christians.
Several locals, war to the surface. mass destruction. Toronto.
Recession. Barachi. Final Judition. Egypt.
Crisis. death, disappear.
Oh, my God.
Peter Diamords: These are just some of the clips that I got in the last six months -- typically could be the last six days, or in the last six years.
The idea is that press media will prefer to provide negative news because our minds are paying attention.
And that responds to a very good reason.
In every second of every day, our senses get a lot more data than probably the brain probably can process.
And as nothing is more important to survive, the first couple of all that data is an ancient family of the temporal lobe called the grand.
The amygdala is our early warning detector -- the danger detector.
I heard and record all the information looking for something in the environment that I could do harm.
That's why a story of stories will prefer to look at the negative.
That old man will get out of the press, "If there is blood, selling, it's very true.
And because all of the digital devices provide us negative news the seven days of the week, 24 hours a day, it's not surprising that we're posting.
It doesn't surprise that people think that the world is going to be bad in worse.
But maybe it's not.
Maybe instead, what really happens is that we get distances.
Perhaps the huge progress done in the last century by a series of forces is accelerating so that we have the potential to create an abundance world in the next three decades.
I'm not saying that we don't have our good problems, climate change, species extinction -- water waste and energy, without doubt we have.
As human beings, we are very good at traveling the problems and in the long run, we left them.
We look at it in the last century to see where we go.
Over the last hundred years, the average of life has been more than doubled per capita per capita per capita has been tripled around the world.
Child mortality has been reduced 10 times.
Also, the cost of food -- electricity and transportation and communications, has fallen from 10 to 1,000 times.
Steve Pink showed us that we're living the most peaceful time in human history.
And Charles Kennedy that global literacy went from 25 percent to over 80 percent in the last 130 years.
We're really living an extraordinary time.
A lot of people forget it.
And we keep putting them out and getting higher and higher expectations.
In fact, we redefined the meaning of poverty.
Think about it, today, in America, a lot of the people who live under the poverty line have electricity, water, banks, refrigerators, TV, mobile air and cars.
The band magnets of the last century, the principles on the planet, would never have dreamed with such luxury.
And I'm going to support a lot of this is technology and literally their exponential growth.
My good friend Ray Kurmory showed that any tool that comes up in information technology in this curve, Moore's Law, and doubling the price of the price in about 12 to 24 months.
And so the cell that you have in the pocket is a million times cheaper and a thousand times faster than a supercomputer in the '70s.
Now look at this curve.
It's Moore's Law over the last hundred years.
I want you to look at two things in this curve.
First, the soft thing that is -- in good and bad time, in war and peace -- in mind, in a depression and in progress.
It's the result of fast computers used to build faster computers.
It doesn't stop before any big challenges.
And even though it's grateful in a law on the left, it goes up to the top.
The growth rate of technology is more and faster.
And in this curve, to the mountains of Moore's Law, there are a series of extraordinarily powerful technologies that we have today.
The computation in the cloud, that my friends from Australian call infinite computing, sensors and networks, the robotics -- 3D printing and its ability to democratize and distribute personalized production across the planet, synthetic biology, fuels and food and food and food and food, the diagnosis and the food, the digital medicine, the computers and the food, the digital medicine, the democratic medicine, the computers and the food and the
I mean, how many of you saw the victory in Washington "Jeopardy" from IBM?
It was action.
I looked at the newspapers the best headline that I had.
And I love this: "Aany banks to human offices.
Jenny is not an easy game.
It plays with the killing of human language.
Imagine this artificial intelligence in the cloud, available for everyone in the cell phone.
Four years ago, here at TED, Ray Kurzweil and I, we launched a new university called Finnal University.
We teach these technologies to our students, and in particular, how they can use to solve the big challenges of humanity.
And every year we ask them to lose a company, or a product or service, that can possibly affect the lives of a billion people in a decade.
Think about that, the fact that a group of students can actually impact the life of a billion people.
Thirty years ago, that would be absorbing absurd.
Today we can set up a tens of companies that have already done it.
When I think about creating abundance, it doesn't mean creating free life for every single person on the planet, it's about creating a life of the possible.
This is about taking that which is scarce, and getting it together.
You see, school is contextual and technology is a force that releases resources.
I'll give you an example.
It's a story of Nanoleton II from the 1800s.
He's the guy on the left.
I invited the king of Size.
The Nairobi troops ate with clip covers and the same Nanolot, with gold covers of gold.
But the king of the Sizzus, I ate with aluminum covers of aluminum covers.
You see, aluminum was the most valuable metal on the planet -- it's worth more than gold and plate.
For that reason, the tip of the Montana to Washington is adult.
You see, even though the aluminum is three percent of the mass on Earth, it doesn't come as pure metal.
It's launched by oxygen and scales.
But then the electronics came and made the aluminum something so cheap that we use it as if it was distributed.
We put this analogy towards the future.
Let's think about energy scarcity.
Ladies and gentlemen, we're on a planet battered for 5,000 times more energy than we use in a year.
They get on the Earth 16 energy trades every 80 minutes.
It's not about excitement, but accessibility.
And there are good news.
This year, for the first time, the cost of solar energy in India is 50 percent less than the generation of the generation, 800 rupees versus 17 rupees.
solar energy cost fell 50 percent last year.
Last month, MIT published a study that shows that at the end of the decade in the sunny parts of the United States, the solar electricity will cost six cents per pound per hour compared to the 15 cents of the national average.
And if we have energy abundance we also have water abundance too.
Let's talk now about wars through water.
Remember when Carl Sagan took the Voyager Space to the Earth, in 1990, after Saturn.
I took a famous picture. How is it called?
"A plastic speaker "white."
Because we live on a water planet.
We live on a planet covered by 70 percent by water.
Yes, 51 percent of us are empty water, two percent is ice, and we fight for five percent of the water on the planet, but there's also a hope.
It's a technology available not in 10 or 20 years, but right now.
The nanotechnology comes, the nationalism.
In a conversation with Dean Kamerbo this morning, one of the innovators of the Balloon Ballupole, I'd like to share with you, gave me permission to do it, your technology called Ninjahirs, you might know it -- it's the size of a small refrigerator.
It is able to generate a thousand liters of clean water to the day of any sugar water, polluted water, a linearion, for less than two cents a gallon.
The President of Coke just agreed that doing an important test of hundreds of these units in the developing world.
If that comes right, and I have a confidence in which it will be, Coke will actually implement it in 26 countries on the planet.
This is an innovation power for this technology that there is today.
And we've seen it in mobile phones.
My God, we're going to get to 70 percent of the mobile phones in the developing world in the late 2013.
Think about it, that mass warrior has better mobile communications in the middle of Kenya than President Reagan 25 years ago.
And with a smart cell phone with Google, it has access to more knowledge and information than President Clinton is 15 years.
It lives in a world of abundance and communications that no one could have ever predicted before.
Better than that, the things that you and I have paid tens and hundreds of thousands of dollars -- (Audience -- HIV video, images, book libraries and music technology, medical diagnostic technology, and they lose market value with mobile phones.
Maybe the best is when the health applications.
Last month, I had the pleasure of announcing with the Computer Foundation something called the X Computer Prize of 10 million dollars.
We're challenging the team of the world to combine these technologies into a mobile device that they talk, and because it has A.I. they can store, you can get rid of the toes.
It has to make better diagnostic than a certified medical team.
Imagine this device in the middle of the developing world where there are no doctors, where the death load is 25 percent of the health worker.
When this device sees a virus of RNA or DNA that I don't recognize -- call the health of health, and first of all, avoid that the pandemic happens.
But this is the biggest force to produce a world of advice.
I call it the billion in the rise.
The white lines here are the population.
We just spent the seven billion.
By the way, the best protection against democracy explosion is to give the world of education and health.
In 2010, we had less than two billion people online, connected.
By 2020, it'll go from two billion to five billion Internet users.
Three billion minds never before they add to global conversation.
What are these people?
What do you want to do with it? What do you want to do that?
And instead of an economic collapse.
These people represent tens of billions of dollars in the global economy.
And they will get more Health thanks to the Transack, of a better education with the Kailin Academy and because of the use of 3D printing and computing in the cloud will be more productive than ever before.
What can we provide three billion more members of humanity, educated health and productive?
How about a couple of voices never before?
What if we give them to the opportunities, wherever they are, a voice to be heard and could act for the first time?
What are these three billion dollars?
What if you're contributions that we can't predict?
Something that I learned with the X prize is that small equipment, guided by their passion with a clear goal, can do extraordinary things, things that they could only do great corporations and governments.
I'm going to end up sharing a story that really excites me.
There is a program that maybe some of them already know.
It's called Federal.
She came at Washington University in Seattle.
It's a game where people can take a sequence of amino amino and figure out how to fold the protein.
Plastics determine the structure and the function.
It's very important in medical research.
And so far, it was a supercomputer problem.
They've played with this college professors, among others.
And then hundreds of thousands of people got together and started to play it.
And it's been shown that today the human pattern recognition machinery is better by folding proteins than the best computers.
Ladies and gentlemen, what gives me a huge trust in the future is that we have more power as people to take the big challenges on the planet.
We have the tools with this exponential technology.
We have the package of the bank innovation.
We have the capital of the denial.
And we have three billion new minds that will join us to work on the solution of big challenges and do what we should do.
We have for a few decades.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk about a very small idea.
The stream of the partientee point.
And as the idea can be explained in a minute, before I give you three examples to make time.
The first story is about Charles Darwin, one of my heroes.
He was here, as you know, in 1858.
You may believe that I would go out with you, but it wasn't like that.
It actually collects fish.
And I described one of them as a very common."
It was the mine.
I did it very much until the 1880s.
Now the fish is in the Red Listra of MIT.
But we've heard this story a lot of times, about Galapagos and other places, so that has nothing special about it.
But the case is that we still come to the Galapagos.
We still think they're predictable.
The fireworks still say they remain intact.
So what happens here?
The second story, also illustrates another concept.
Because I was there in 1971 studying a place in Western Africa.
I was there because I grew up in Europe, and then I wanted to work in Africa.
I thought I could get in.
I got a lot with the sun and I was convinced that I was not there.
This is my first exposure to the sun.
The wave was surrounded by palms, and as you can see, from a few scanners.
There were the translations of about 20 centimeters -- the black bar therapy.
And the fish of this thylacine was very abundant and it was for a good time, so it would be more than the middle in Ghana.
When I went there 27 years after the amount of fish had gone in half.
They would move to the five centers.
They experienced a genetic pressure.
There were still fish.
In a way, they were still happy.
And the fish were still happy to be there.
It's nothing to change, but everything has changed.
My third story is that I was involved in the introduction of the mistake fishing in the Asian supersonic.
In the 1970s, it started in 1960, Europe made a lot of development projects.
The fishing development knew to impose the countries that had already 100,000 fishermen, impose industrial fishing.
And this boat, pretty ugly -- was called the Foundation 4.
I went out to fish in him, and we did studies in the south of the Minister of Mendent Menden, and especially in the Japanese Sea.
What we captured was a narrative thing.
We capture, I now know, the bottom of the sea.
Ninety percent of what we captured were specifically, other animals that are in the bottom.
And most of the fish are tiny boards on a few rest, remains that are fish of coral reefs.
In short, the sea floor came to the deck and then it was sheep.
These images are extraordinary because the transition is very fast.
In a year, you do a study and then you start the commercial fish.
The background is going to be a solid coral background in this case, to be a laughter.
This is a dead turtle.
They didn't eat them. They cut them out because they were dead.
Once we capture a live.
I was not a beaten yet.
So they wanted to kill it because it was a good food.
This mountain of remains is what you pick up the fishermen every time you go to a zone where they never fished.
But it's not doubled.
We transform the world, but we don't remember it.
We adjust the point of partienteer, to the new level, without remembering what was there.
If we generate this happens something like this.
On the axis and we have good things -- biodiversity -- lots of sheep, the field of the country, the water supply.
And that changes over time. It changes because people do things with nature.
Each generation will use the images of their own conscious life as normal and extracting it forward.
The difference.
But they don't perceive the loss that happened before.
You can look at the change of change.
And at the end of the end you have a few different remains.
And that, in large measure, is what we want to do now.
We want to keep things that are no longer -- or they're not what they were.
But you should think that this problem affects people when the predatory societies kill animals without knowing what they've done to some generations later.
Because, obviously, an animal that is very adventure, before we get it out, is very cool.
You don't lose animals at all.
You lose a little bit of frequency animals.
Even if this is not perceived as a big loss.
Over time, we focused on the big animals, and in a sea of great fish.
They become very cool because we were fishing.
Over time, there are a few fish, but we think that's the participation point.
And the question is, why do we accept this?
Well, because we don't know that it was different.
In fact, a lot of people, scientists, they would say it was very different.
And they will do it because the present evidence in a previous way is not the way they expect to have the evidence.
So for example, the anecdote that some of them would present -- like you capture such and just looked at a lot of fish in this area cannot be used or usually don't use the fish scientists because it's not science."
So we have a situation where people don't know the past, even though we live in instruction societies, because they don't rely on the sources of the past.
From there the huge role that can make a protected marine area.
Because with protected marine areas, we really recreated the past.
We remember the past that people can't conceive because the dot point has been run up and it's extremely low.
That is for the people you can see a protected marine area and you can benefit from the vision that comes from, which allows them to erase your party point.
And what about people who can't do this because they don't have access to the Middle people, for example.
I think there is the arts and cinema may fill the vacuum.
This is a simulation of the School of Charlie.
A lot of time ago there were grey whales in Channel Bay, 500 years ago.
And you'll have noticed that the killing and the traditions are like "Abraham: "Abraham."
And if you think about "Allergity, if you think about what people were moving with the film without talking about the history of Signature, why do you get the images?
Because it comes to something that, in a sense, has lost.
So my recommendation -- the only one to give is Cambodia, to make "Ambul "The II underwater.
Thank you very much.
Hi. I'm Kevin And the YouTube trend manager -- and I look at YouTube videos in a professional way.
It's true.
So now we're going to see why videos get viral and how important it is.
We all want to be stars: celebrities -- songs, cheapers. When I was younger, that seemed very, very difficult.
But today, the video is making any of us, or our actions, copper in a part of our global culture.
Anybody can be famous on the Internet in a sandwich.
They get over 48 hours of video to YouTube per minute.
And of those, only a little percentage of it is virtually, it gets a vision of vision and curriculated mosquito.
How does that happen?
Three things: creates of trends and community creators and surprise.
Well, let's start on.
Beau Major: Oh, my God, my God.
Oh my God!
Wow.
Oh, guide."
KA: Last year, Jerry Veroners published this film outside of his house in the National Park.
In 2010, it was seen 23 million times.
This chart shows the reproduction in the population of popularity last summer.
Beaut doesn't have a viral video.
I just wanted to share a double rainbow.
That's what you do if you call it Johnny Mondaline.
I had published many videos of nature.
This video had posted in January.
So what happened here?
It was Jimmy Michael.
Jimmy Rimmy published this tent that would take the video to the popularity video.
The trends of trends like Jimmy Mamma presented us new new things and disappeared them to a wider public.
Rebecca Blue.  It's virtues, visions. You have to start the Friday --   Everybody wants you to get the weekend in the weekend, the weekend.                                           
Red Blue Vieworkets: It's one of the most popular videos of the year.
You saw it almost 200 million times this year.
This graph shows the frequency of use.
Like "Regression went took! this video seemed to be lifted out of nowhere.
So what happened this day?
Well, it was Friday, it's true.
And if you ask them about those other peak, they're also Friday.
But what happened this day, this particular Friday minute."
Well, the Tasmanian shot, and a lot of blogs started writing about it.
Michael J. Nelson from Mystery School Therese was one of the first people to do a joke about video on Twitter.
But the important thing is that a person or a group of trends of trends will take a view of view, and they share it with a wider audience, accelerating the process.
So this community of people who share this great internal joke then starts talking about that and doing things.
And there are now 10,000 parts of "Virginistic for YouTube.
Just in the first seven days, there was a parody for each of the other days.
Unlike the 20th century formal entertainment, this communal participation is our way to be part of the phenomenon developing or doing something new with it.
"Nairo California is a repertinual animation with a music.
That's what it is.
This year was about 50 million times.
And if you think that is rare, you know there's a three hours that you've seen four million times.
Until the cats saw this video.
And there are cats that saw other cats to see the video.
But the important thing here is creativity that woke up between the Internet concern community.
There were remotely remained.
Somebody made a version of the old one.
And then it became international.
Suddenly, the whole community of accurate that made this happen to be a dumb joke to something that we all can be part of.
Because today we don't just enjoy it.
Who could have predicted something like this?
Who might have predicted "Rose with "Helper Or Reen Blue or "King Catewark?
What a script could have written that I would tell this situation?
In a world where you get two days of video per minute, just that truly one and unexpected can get rid of the way these things have done it.
When a friend told me that I had to see this big video of a guy that protests against the military to license in New York City, I admit that I don't really care too much.
Casey Singapore: I was shocked by the bright birthday, but there are often obstacles that prevent us to circulate correctional for birth.
KA: Thanks to the surprise and his humor, Casey Star made five million see and understand his idea.
So this approach is worth for all the new things that we do.
And all of this leads to a big question.
Beau Valley: What does this mean?
Oham.
KA: What does this mean?
Training creators, creative communities of participation -- totally unexpected, are features of a new kind of media, from a new culture, to which we all have access and is the audience that defines the popularity of the public.
As I said before, one of the world's celebrations in the world, Austin Bike, started in YouTube.
They don't ask permission to express their ideas.
Now we're all a little bit owner of our pop culture.
These are not the characteristics of the old media, they're just the current media, but they will define the entertainment of the future.
Thank you.
This is not a story.
It's a puzzle that's still growing.
Let me tell you about some of the parts.
Imagine the first piece, a man burning the work of a whole life.
It's a poet, a drug, a man whose entire life had been supported in the unique hope of unit and freedom of his country.
Imagine it as the compounds come in San Santa, and the fact that his life had been totally in vain.
The words, for so much food, now they would delete it.
It was reported in the silence.
He died by the story.
He's my grandfather.
I never met it.
But our lives are much more than our memories.
My grandmother never allowed me to forget his story.
My task was not to let that have been in Van, and my lesson was to learn that the story tried to take them, but we support it.
The next part of the puzzle is about a boat when you stack down to the sea.
My mother, Mahe, was just 18 years when her father died, and a concrete marriage and two little girls.
For her, life had been destined to one task soldier, the escape of his family and a new life in Australia.
It was endless for her that I couldn't do it.
And after a four years old that challenges the fiction, a boat is sliding into the search of fishing business.
All the adults knew the risks.
The biggest fear was pirate and rape and death.
Like most adults, my mother took a shoot with poison.
If we were married, first we would take my sister and me, and then she and my grandmother.
My first memories are from that boat, the constant pace of the engine, the protein survived in every wave, and the horizontal horizontal horizon.
I don't remember the pirates that came several times, but they were agnostic with the brave of men in our boat, or the engine dying and couldn't fit for six hours.
But I remember the lights of the oil platform in front of the coast of Malaysia, and the young man who collapsed and died, finished the journey was too much for him, and the first apple I tried, given by the men of the platform.
No apple had the same sandwich.
After three months in a refugee camp, we wake up in Melbor.
And the next piece of puzzle is about four women along three generations shaping a new life together.
We set up in Protons, a standard suburb whose population is comprised of immigrants.
Unlike the middle class subsidies, which is the existence of me, in Dormall, there was no sense of the right.
The smells that came from the shops were the rest of the world.
And the endless ends of English transferred to each other who had one thing in common: they were starting again.
My mother worked on farms, then on a car assembly line, working six days, double turn.
Even so, I found time to study English and get a title on Twitter technology."
We were poor.
All the dollars were assigned and established an extra tumor in English and mathematics, not matter what you should take off, which was generally new clothes, always was a second hand.
Two pairs of media for school, one to hide the holes of the other.
A school uniform to the golds, because I had to last six years.
And there were rare and painful singing about the "really free eyes and some graffiti -- Asians, go back home.
And home, where?
Something in me was engaged.
I was accumulating determination and a voice that said, "I'm going to get them."
My mother, my sister and I will sleep in the same bed.
My mother was taken every night, but we were told about our day and we heard the movements of our grandmother in the house.
My mother suffered hostile, all the boat.
And my task was to be awake until his nightmare would start to wake up.
She opened a computer store, then he studied to be study and opened another business.
And women came with their stories about men who couldn't do the transition and angry, and infer kids who are trapped between two worlds.
Supermarkets and patterns.
And they created centers.
I lived in parallel worlds.
In one, I was the classic Asian student -- it was involved with what I took from myself.
In the other, I was trained in price lives, transitionally passionate about violence, drug abuse and isolation.
But many people got help over the years.
And for that work, when I studied my last year of shell, I was elected by the American young year of the year.
And I was punished from a piece of breakthrough to the other, but his edges didn't come in.
And so Leonard, anonymous association of Forean, it was now so Lego, refugees and social activist, invited to speak in places that I had never heard of name, and in houses whose existence she would never have imagined.
I didn't know protocols.
I didn't know how to use the deck.
I didn't know how to talk about wine.
I didn't know how to talk about anything.
I wanted to remove the routine and the comfort of life in an image of image -- a grandmother, a mother and two daughters finishing the day as they did for almost 20 years, telling about the day of every one and getting asleep, the three still in the same bed.
And I told my mom she couldn't do it.
I remembered that I had now the same age that she had when she went to the boat.
The not."
"Aha: He said, "And you don't be what no ones?
So I talked about juvenile and education and destruction to the marginalized and the desperately desperate.
And the more I frankly talked about, the more it was about to speak.
I met people from all the walks of life, many of them doing what they love, living in the boundary of the possible.
And although I finished my license, I realized I couldn't stay in a sheep race.
There had to be another piece of the puzzle.
And I realized at the same time that it's okay to be a stranger -- a single arrived, new on the scene -- and not only is it good, but it's something that I'm grateful for, maybe a gift of the boat.
Because being inside of it can easily mean talking to the horizon, it can easily mean the assumptions of your province.
I gave enough steps outside my comfort zone to know that, yes, that the world is destructive, but not the way we fear.
possibilities. They were not allowed to be allowed to be extremely uncomfortable.
There was an energy there, an implication optimistic, a rare mixture of humility and value.
So I followed my intuition.
He put a little group of people for those of the people that you can't do -- it was a irresistible challenge.
For a year we didn't have a center.
At the end of every day, I made a giant soup of soup that we all share.
We worked until the night came in.
Most of our ideas were dramatically, but some brilliant ones, and we opened up.
I made the decision to move me to the United States.
After a single trip.
My charges again.
Three months later, I moved to me, and the adventure.
Before I end up, let me tell you about my grandmother.
She grew up at a time when the Confidence was the social norm and the local Market was the person who matters.
Life had not changed for centuries.
Her father died shortly after she was born.
The mother raised it alone.
At the age of 17, it became a contact of a Landarchi whose mother hit it.
No support of his husband, you get a return when you train it and take the cause of it, and much more wrapped when I won.
He can't make it prove to be wrong.
He was in the shower in the fourth of a hotel hotel when she died, one thousand miles in Melbor.
I looked through the map of the shower and saw it standing on the other side.
I knew I had come to go.
My mother called minutes later.
Days later, we went to a Buddhist temple, and we sat around their cartoon.
We told him stories, and we suggested that we were still with it.
At night a man came and told us that he had to close the tower.
My mother asked us to feel his hand.
I asked her, "Why are his hand hot, and the rest of the body so cold?
"Because you've taken your hand from the man: he said.
"You haven't followed it."
If there is a nerve in our family, that run through women.
Since we were and how life formed us, we can now see that the men who would have arrived at our lives would have frustrated us.
The defeat would have been easily.
Now I want to have my own kids, and I ask you about the boat.
Who might wish that for you?
However, I fear the privilege of easy, the right.
Can you give them a protein in their lives, diving up in every wave, the impact rate of the engine, the vast horizon.
I don't know.
But if I could give you a little bit, I would do it.
Transport New York and also the mother of that is today, in the fourth or fifth line.
My story begins in Rad about two years ago.
I was in the desert, under the stars, with the single suit of Guinea Al.
We were having a conversation of how nothing has changed since the age of ancient Indian epidemic "The Mastery."
In those days when the Indians wanted to travel out, we went out to a car, and we were surfing the sky.
Now we do it with airplanes.
At that time, when Arabic, the great Indian warrior prince -- he had a bow and with a flow to the ground, he got water.
Now we do the same with strands and machines.
The conclusion that we did was that the machinery had replaced magic.
And that got me so much.
Every time I felt a little bit more technology.
I was terrified this idea of losing the ability to enjoy and learn a condition if I didn't have the camera, if I couldn't tell my friends.
It seemed to me that technology had to allow the magic, not to kill it.
As a young girl my grandfather gave me his clock silver block.
And this 50 year-old television piece was for me the most magical thing.
It became a golden door to a world full of images and pirates and nanotubes in my imagination.
I had the feeling that mobile phones, luxury clocks and cameras prevent that we are.
It would be our inspiration.
And so I got up, I was struck to this technological world to see how to use magic, rather than killing it.
illustrate books from the 16 years.
So when I saw the iPad, I saw a narrative of narrative able to connect the readers in the entire world.
You can know how we take the book.
where we are.
Put the text with it, animation, sound and touch.
Normal storytelling becomes increasingly multinational.
But what does that serve us?
I'm about to launch Khangla, an interactive application for iPad.
He says, "I put your fingers on every light.
And like that.  He says, "This box is "with you." I write my name.
And so I become a book character.
In several moments, I get a card -- the iPad knows where I live because of GPS -- that comes to me.
My inner girl is excited about all of these possibilities.
I've talked a lot about magic.
And I don't mean magicians and drugs, but to that magic of childhood, to those ideas that we ran from children.
For some reason, the leaders in a jar always become exciting me.
So here, we have to focus the iPad to release the fireflies.
And they actually light up your way in what you rest from the book.
Another idea that was fascinated by me was that it was a whole galaxy in a board.
So here, every book and every world becomes a ticket that I dragged up to this magic device, inside of the device.
And this opens up a map.
In all of books of fantasy there has always been maps, but they have been an aesthetic map.
This is a map that grows up, filters and guide over the rest of the book.
At some point of the book, it is also revealed.
Now I'm going to go in.
Another incredibly important aspect to me is to create Indian content and at the same time.
These are the approaches here.
We've all heard of the business and the nine nine, but how many people outside India know their Indian passwords, the apartment?
These poor applications have been trapped in the cameras of Iran for millennia, in an old book.
So we're bringing them back into a contemporary child story.
This is a story that deals with current issues like environmental crisis.
And talking about environmental crisis, one of the problems in the last 10 years has been that kids have been completely, attached to their Paulo, have not gone out to the outside world.
But now with mobile technology, we can take our children to the natural world with their technology.
One of the interactions of the book is this adventure where you have to go out on the outside, take the camera or iPad, and collect images of different natural objects.
As a child, I had a lot of collections of stick, stones, guides and cheeses.
For some reason kids don't do it.
So to recover this ritual of childhood, you have to go out and in a chapter to take a picture to a flower and then label it.
In another chapter, you have to take a picture of a piece of cortex and then tag it.
And so you create a digital collection of pictures that you can then put on the Web.
A boy in London puts a picture of a store and says, "Oh, I saw a grass."
A child in India says, "I saw a monkey."
And it creates this kind of social network around a collection of digital pictures that have been taken on.
In the connections of connection between magic, Earth and technology there are many possibilities.
In the next book, we plan to have an interaction where you go out with the iPad, and the video left and by augmented reality you see a group of entertaining debates that appear on the interior plants of the house.
At a moment the screen is full of leaves.
And you have to make the wind sound and sold them so that you can read the rest of the book.
We go to a world where nature forces are trained with technology and magic and technology to each other.
We take energy from the sun.
We're approaching our kids and ourselves the natural world and that magic, joy and child love that we sit through a simple story.
Thank you.
I'd like to talk to you about why many hydrogen projects fail.
And I think, really, the most important thing about that is that we stop listening to patients.
And one of the things that we did at the Randi-thing University was to be described to a heart address.
And not in a very scientific way, she reaches a little cup of coffee or tea and asked patients, family and known, what happens?
"How can we help it?
And we used to think, this is one of the biggest problems for what all of us, or perhaps not all, but most of the health projects fail -- because we stop listening.
This is my Bill Bill. It's a very simple thing.
It has a little bit of a sunglass and approached it.
Every morning I got up.
And yes, I have a challenge as you can see.
I put the challenge of getting to 95 kilograms to me.
But it's so simple, that every time I connect me, I send my information to Google Health.
And my medical doctor has access to him too, so he can see what my weight problem is, not at the same time when you need cartoonistic assistance or some urgency of that style, but see it backwards.
But there's something else.
As some of you know, I have over 4,000 followers on Twitter.
So, every morning I connect to my Wi-Fi and being connected to my car, people start talking to me, "Well, I think you need a light lunch.
That's the best thing that can happen, because it's pressure of parties used to help patients, because it could be used for obesity, and also for patients to stop smoking.
On the other hand, it can move to move people from their chairs and together develop some recreational activity to have more control of their health.
From the next week being available.
This little bacterium connected to an iPhone or another device.
And people could be able to be able to take their blood pressure, send them to their doctor, and share it with others, for example, for 100 dollars.
This is the point where patients assume a position -- come back to the control and be capitalists of its own boat, but it can also help us to help the health care because of the challenges we face, as the firing of the medical attention, the display of demand and other issues.
To do techniques that are simple to use and start with this to engage patients in the team.
And you can do it with techniques like this, but also by crops.
And one of the things we wanted to share with you with a video.
We all have a navigation control in cars.
Maybe even we have them in our cell phones.
We know perfectly where the automatic characters are in Mathallogi.
But also where all the substantials are.
And of course, we can find fast food.
But where is the nearest DNA to help this patient?
And we ask ourselves, but nobody knew that.
Nobody knew where to get the DNA saved at this point.
What we did was we did crossing in the Netherlands.
We created a website, and we asked them to say, "Well, you see a SETI -- please send a DNA, say, where, and when it's open, because sometimes you open in office hours and others are closed.
And over 10,000 DNA already was presented in the Netherlands.
The next step was to search for the application for that.
And we did an application for the iPad.
We created an app for Lawkin, really augmented to find these DNA.
And every time you're in the city of Maria and somebody else, you can use their iPhone, and the next week to use your Michael cell phone to find the nearest DNA, which can save lives.
And from today, I want to introduce this -- not just like DNA 44, which is the name of the product, but also like DNA.
And we want to start in the world.
We are taking all the colleagues in the world, in other universities, to help us find and work and act as a center for the collective of the DNA around the world.
Every time you are from vacation and somebody else, it can be a piece or someone in front of you, you can find it.
And I also wanted to invite companies around the world that could help us value these DNA.
They could be a message service or phone services, for example, to see if the DNA that shows is still in their place.
Please stand up in this and not just improve health, but take control of it.
Thank you very much.
I'm here to share my pictures.
Or is it photograph?
Because, of course, they're photographs that you can't take with their cameras.
My interest on photography was woke up with my first digital camera at the age of 15.
I mixed up with my previous passion for the drawing, but it was a little bit different because when I used the camera the process was in planning.
And when you take a picture with a camera the process ends up when the punishment is prepared.
For me, the photograph had more than to do with being in the right place, at the right time.
It seemed like anybody could do it.
So I wanted to create something different, a process that would begin to push the pulpose.
photos like this: a building in a very transitional road.
But it has an unexpected turn.
And despite it, it holds a level of reality.
Or pictures like this, dark and colorful at once, but with the common goal to keep the level of reality.
And when I say reality I say post-conflict.
Because, of course, it's not something that I can capture but I always want it to have been captured in some way as a photograph.
photos where you will have to think about a moment to discover the trick.
It has more to do with capturing an idea than a moment.
But what is the trick that makes them look like?
Are the details or the colors?
Do you intervene light?
What creates the illusion.
Sometimes the illusion is the perspective.
But in the end, it is about our way to interpret the world and how you can perceive in a two-dimensional surface.
It's actually not about whether it's realistic but what we think is realistic.
So I think the principles are very simple.
I see it as a puzzle of reality in which we take different pieces of reality, and we put them together to create an alternative reality.
Let me show you a simple example.
Here are three perfectly imaginative objects, something that we can all relate to the three-dimensional world.
But combined in a certain way, you can create something that is still three-dimensional -- as if you exist.
But at the same time, we know that it doesn't exist.
So, we put into the brain because the brain doesn't accept the fact that that doesn't really make sense.
And I see the same process by combining pictures.
It really is to combine different realities.
And the things that make a picture seem to be ready, I think they're those in which we don't even think -- the things that surround us in our everyday life.
But by combining pictures is very important to consider it, because otherwise something is wrong.
So I would like to say that there are three simple rules that will continue to get realistic results.
As you can see, these images are not very special.
But combined, they can create something like this.
So the first rule is that the combination of pictures must have the same perspective.
Secondly, computer photos must have the same kind of light.
And these two images with these requirements, they were taken to the same height and the same kind of light.
The third point is to make it impossible to distinguish the beginning, and the end of the different images with a perfect universe.
It has to be impossible to see where the image.
This is another example.
I could think that this is the image of a landscape and the bottom is manipulated.
But this image is totally composed by pictures of different places.
So I personally think it's easier to create a place that you find it because you don't need to put the ideas that you have in your head.
But it requires a lot of planning.
And as I thought this idea when I knew that I had several months to planned to find the different locations for the pieces of the puzzle.
For example, the fish was captured on a fishing journey.
The shores are a different location.
The sub-Saharan part was captured in a stone pig.
And yes, I even did red the top of the island in order to make it seem more Sweden.
So to achieve a realistic outcome, I think it makes planning.
It always starts with a sketches, an idea.
Then you have to combine the different pictures.
And here every piece is very well thought.
If you do a good job when you take the pictures, the result can be very beautiful, and at the same time.
All the tools are there and the only limit is our imagination.
Thank you.
I'll start by showing you a slide about technology, very boring.
Please get it.
It's a diagram that I took from a paradox of mine.
I'm not very interested in showing you the details, but the general thing.
This is an analysis that we were doing about the potential of microscope microscopes versus the power of local areas.
What's interesting about this is that this is like a lot of others that we tend to see, is a kind of a straight line in logarithmic scale.
In other words, every step here represents an order of magnitude at the performance scale.
To talk about self-replicating technology is a novel thing.
Here's something weird here.
And that's what I'm going to talk about.
Please turn the lights up.
It would need more intensity because I wrote about paper.
Why do we plot technology curves in logarithmic scales.
The answer is that if you draw them into a normal curve where, say, these are the years, or some of the time, and this would be any measure of the technology that I want to process, the diagram would look ridiculous.
It would be something like this.
It doesn't say much.
But if you plot it, for example, some other technology, like transportation, in a seat ship would be very dumb, we would see a straight line.
But if something like this, it's a qualitative change.
If the temperature technology would go as fast as microscopic microscopes, we could take a taxi and be in Tokyo in 30 seconds.
But it doesn't move to that rhythm.
There are no precedent in the history of the technology of the technology of a return that every few years advance of magnitude.
The question I want to do is -- looking at these exponential curves. We see that they don't go on.
It's not possible to sustain this change as fast as it goes.
One of two things.
Or it will be a typical curve -- I know how until something completely different, or maybe it will be something like that.
That's all it can happen.
I'm optimistic, so I think maybe something like this.
So we would now be in the middle of a transition.
In this line, we are in a transition of what used to be the world, in a new way.
So what I'm trying to ask, and ask me, is, what is that new way that addresses the world?
So what does the world look like?
The transition seems very, very confusing if we're embedded in it.
I remember as a child is happening in 2000, and people used to talk about what would happen in 2000.
This is a conference where people talk about the future, and we see that the future is still the year 2000.
That's all we see.
In other words, the future has been expanding, year after year, along my life.
But I think that's because we feel that something is happening.
We can feel a transformation.
And we know that it doesn't make a lot of sense to think about 30 or 50 years because everything will be so different than extracting what we're doing today doesn't make any sense.
So I want to talk to you about how it might be, how it could be that transition that we experience.
But to do that, I will have to talk about a little bit of things that don't have much to do with technology and chocolate.
Because I think the only way to understand it is to take distance and look at the long-term things.
The scale of time that I'd like to do is the time of life on Earth.
I think this image makes sense if we look at each billion years.
So we went back about 2.5 billion years when the Earth was a great star rock with many chemicals that float around them.
If you look at the way those chemicals organize -- we give us an idea of how things happen.
And I think there are theories to start understanding the origin with RNA -- I'm going to tell you a simple version of this, and that's that, at the time, I had floating some oil droplet with all sorts of chemicals inside the inside.
Some of those oil droplet drops contain a particular combination of chemicals that made them incorporate materials from the outside and so on.
And it started to split up.
In a sense, those were the most primitive ways that are more primitive -- those oil goals.
But those drops were not alive, in the current sense, because each one of them contained a random recipe of chemicals.
And every time they were divided up they had an unequal distribution of the chemicals they came in.
So every drop was a little bit different.
In fact, the drops that somehow were made out of being better in the time of increasing surgical chemists -- they grow more, they were growing more chemicals and they divide more.
They usually lived more time, more represented.
It was a form of life, chemical life, very simple, but things became interesting when these droplets learned the trick.
So in some ways we don't really understand these droplet goods learned to store information.
They learned for information, which was the recipe of the cell, in a special chemistry called DNA.
In other words, they were sitting in this unprecedented evolution, a writing system that allowed them to record what they were to replicate them.
The amazing thing is that the writing system seems to have remained stable to be stable since it evolved two billion years ago.
Our recipe, our genes, they have exactly the same code, that same writing system.
In fact, every living living is expressed with exactly the same set of letters and the same code.
And one of the things I did just by fun. We can now write things with this code.
So here I have 100 white dust metaphorical metaphorical that tries to hide people from the safety of the airport.
But it goes on. Tom this code, the code has the common letters that we used to use in this and I wrote my personal data in this factor of DNA and replaced it 10 to the 22 times.
So if someone wants 100 million copies of my personal card, I have a lot for all of you -- in fact, for every person in the world, and it's here.
If it was an octopus would have put it in a virus, and I would have spread it through the room.
What was the next one?
Writing DNA was an interesting step.
This made these cells happily happy another one billion years.
But then another interesting step happened in which things became very different and it was that these cells began to exchange and communicate in information by forming cell communities.
I don't know if you know, but bacteria can exchange DNA.
So for example, for example, they evolved antibiotic resistance.
Some bacteria found a way to avoid penicillin, and they were passionate to create their little DNA with other bacteria, and now there's a lot of resistance to penicillin, because bacteria communicate.
So this communication gave us to make communities that were in a way, and they were together together in it, and they set up a sensory.
And so they survived or failed to do that, or that if a community was very successful all the individuals in that community were related to more and they were favorable by evolution.
And the point of influence happened when these communities were so touched that, in fact, they came together and they decided to write the entire community recipe in a chain of DNA.
The next interesting stage for life took another billion years.
And in that stage we have multicellular communities, communities of many different cells working together as a single organism.
In fact, we are a multicellular community.
We have a lot of cells that no longer act alone.
The skin cell is not the heart cell, or the muscle cell, or the brain, etc.
So these communities evolved and made more interesting levels than the cell phone, something we call an organism.
The next level happened inside these communities.
They began to abstract information.
And to build very special structures that they didn't do more than processing information in community.
It's the neural structures.
The neurons are the appliances that process the information that those cell communities built.
In fact, they began to specialize within the community being the structures responsible to record and understand and convey information.
Those were the brains and the nervous system of those communities.
And that gave them an evolutionary advantage.
Because at that moment as individuals, learning was confined to the duration of an organism, and not to the period of evolutionary time.
So an organism could, for example, to learn how to eat some fruits because I knew bad and sick the last time I ate it.
That could happen during the life of an organism because they had built these structures of information processing that for evolution would have learned for hundreds of thousands of years, because of the death of individuals that ate that fruit.
So the fact that the nervous system builds those information structures to accelerate the evolutionary process.
Because evolution could now happen to an individual.
It could happen in time necessary to learn.
But then, of course, individuals discovered the communication trick.
So for example, the most refined version we know is human language.
If we think about it, it's an incredible invention.
I have a very complicated idea, a vague idea, in your head.
I'm sitting here by emitting a few gravity, and hopefully building a similar idea, he went and confirming and conference, in his heads that he saved some analogy with the mine.
But we take something very complicated we turn it into sound, in sound, and we produce something very complicated in another brain.
That now allows us to start to work as an organism.
In fact, as a humanity, we've started to do abstract.
Now we go through a little bit similar to the multicultural organisms, we abstract our methods of record, presentation and information processing.
For example, the invention of language was a little step in that direction.
The telescope, the computer, the video tape, the CPU and so on, are the specialized mechanisms that we now build to handle that information.
And that leads us into something much larger, faster and able to evolve more than we did before.
Now evolution can happen in microscopes.
You saw the evolutionary example of that in which it produced some evolution with the program Convention, to our eyes.
And now we have accelerated time scales again.
The first stages of history that told them a billion years had taken a billion years each.
The next stage, the nervous system and the brain took about hundreds of millions of years.
The following, the language and the language and less than a million years.
And the next one, like electronics, seems to take only a few decades.
The process is distributed. I guess the contractor is the right word to name something that would accelerate its own pace of change.
The more it changes, the faster it does.
And I think that's what we see in this explosion of the curve.
We see the process is reflected.
But I won my life designing computers, and I know that the mechanisms that work to design them would not be possible without recent computer advances.
But now design objects of such complexity that would be impossible for me to design them in a conventional way.
I don't know that it does every transistor in that connection machine.
There are billions of millions.
Instead, with the designers of Tinkering Machiners, we think a level of abstraction, we put it into the machine and the machine with that does something that you didn't have -- it gets much further and faster than ever before.
In fact, sometimes methods that we don't even understand well.
A particularly interesting method, I've been using slowly, is evolution itself.
We put in the machine an evolutionary process that operates on the scale of microbes.
And for example, in the most extreme cases, we can evolve a program from an random sequence of instructions.
We said, "Please, computer, can you run a hundred million sequence of settlements in the standard?
Can you run these sequences of instruction instructions at random, put all those programs, and take those things that are more like what we want to do?
In other words, I define what I want.
Let's say I want to order numbers, to put a simple example.
So we find the programs that are more likely to order numbers.
Of course, it's a little bit likely that some random institutions of instructions, ordinary numbers, so none of them succeeded.
But one, luckily, could be two numbers in the right order.
And I said, "Physicist, could you take 10 percent of those random sequences that you better did the task?
Let's go through those and leave the rest of them.
And now we reproduce the ones that are better about the numbers.
And let's play it back to them by following a process of announcement revolutionary reconstruction.
Let's take two programs, which are getting children, who exchange subsidies, and that children have the properties of both programs.
So we got a new generation of programs that are produced from the computer combinations that had a little bit more success.
And we say, "Please, repeat the process."
New call again.
Some mutations put in.
And I try and try and play with another generation.
Well, every generation takes a few milliseconds.
So I can do the equivalent of millions of years of evolution in a few minutes, or, in complicated cases, in a few hours.
At the end, we ended up with programs that order numbers in absolutely perfect numbers.
In fact, they're a lot more efficient programs than I could have written by hand.
If I look at those programs, I can't say how it works.
I've tried to analyze them to see how they work.
These are dark programs, strangers.
But they get the comet.
In fact, I know, I have the safety that you get the goal because they come from a little bit of a hundred of thousands of programs that do it.
In fact, their lives depend on it.
Once I was in a 747 with Marine Michael and she picks up a card and says, "Look at this.
He says, "This plane has hundreds of thousands of particles that work together to offer a safe flight." Doesn't make you feel free."
We know that engineering processes don't work very well when they become complicated.
So we started to depend on computers to make some different design processes.
And that allows us to produce much more complex things than the normal engineering does.
But we don't understand all the choices that there is.
In that sense, it goes ahead of us.
Now we use those programs to make computers much faster and so can be able to exercise these programs much faster.
And it was allowed up.
The thing goes faster and faster and so I think it seems so conference.
Because all these technologies are retreating.
We're destinating.
And we're at an analog moment to the single-celled organisms when they became multiplication.
We're the samples and we can't understand what we are creating.
We're at the point of influence.
But I think something comes behind us.
I think it would be very arrogant from our part to think that we're the final product of evolution.
And I think all of us are part of the creation of what it is to come.
But now it comes to lunch, and I think I stop here before they get up.
I think we have to do something with a part of the medical culture that has to change.
And I think this starts with a doctor, and that's me.
And I had enough time to allow me to be part of my favorite pressure in that.
Before I treat the theme of my talk, let's talk a little bit of baseball.
Why not?
We're close to the end of the end of the World Serious.
We love baseball, right?
The baseball is full of amazing statistics.
There are hundreds of statistics.
It's for coming out of the rules, and he talks about the statistics and using them to form a great baseball team.
I would focus on one of them and I hope that many of you know it.
It's called a battlefield.
And we talked about 300 and we talked about a battle that battery.
That means that battle balance effectively, three of 10 times.
That means launching the ball to the game field without being attached, and anyone who tries to launch it to the first base doesn't get in time, and the second foundation will be saved.
Three 10 attempts of 10.
Do you know how you call a 300 watt in the Big Light?
Well, actually, maybe the team of stars.
Do you know how you call a baseball battery?
By the way, that's somebody who from 10 shores, is four of them.
Legowatching -- like the legendary Ted Williams, the last player of the largest League of Boston to run more 400 beats in a regular season.
Now we bring this to my medicine of medicine where I feel much more comfortable or maybe less uncomfortable, after what I'm going to tell you today.
Suppose you have ancients and they are derived to a surgeon that has a 400 in experts as well.
It doesn't work, right?
Now suppose you live in a remote place and a war that has two observational corruption arteries and your family doctor releases it to a cardiologist whose record.
But you know something?
She's going to be just getting this year.
And their events have been 255.
This is not working.
But will you ask them?
What do you think should be the average of a heart surgeon or a prosthetic surgeon of a nurse or a global obstacle?
1,000 very good.
And the truth of the issue is that nobody in the whole medicine knows the aspects of a good surgeon of a doctor or a package.
What we do, though, is to send the world to the world, and I am including to be perfect.
They never, never, they eat an error and a sense of how to do it well.
That was the message I absorbed when I was in medical school.
I was a completely computer student.
Once, a fellow at high school said that Brian Golden studied to a blood exam test.
That's why.
I studied in my little day, at the disease of the General General Hospital in Toronto, not far from here.
And I learned all of memory.
From my kind of anatomy, I memorized the origin and the muscle work, the branching of every art that comes out of the top, the differential diagnosis often and not sound.
And I even knew the difference of the difference about how to classify the tone tongue attack.
And as much as much more and more knowledge.
And I was very well, I graduated with honors.
And I went out of the drug school with the impression that if I memorize everything, then I would know everything, or the most possible, close to everything, because this is what I would communicate from the mistakes.
And I worked for a while, until I met the Drug Crisis.
I was a resident in a university hospital here, in Toronto, when they brought the Drug drone to the emergency service where I was working on.
At that time, I was assigned to the cancer service.
And when you emerge I requested a cardiologist I had to attend to that patient.
And to report the boss of residents.
When I saw the lady Drug, I was satisfied.
I heard a solid sound.
And when the supermarket -- I heard a baby sound in both sides, which gave me a consumer heart failure.
In these conditions, the heart stops working, and instead of packing the blood forward, blood goes to the lungs, and they are filled with blood, and that's why there is hard to breathe.
And it was not hard to diagnose it.
I did, and I got to work on the treatment that I would give him.
I gave it Asia and medication to relieve pressure in his heart.
I gave them dictionaries, water pills so that I could eliminate liquid.
And in an hour or two, she started feeling better.
And I felt very well.
And that's when I bought the first mistake. He sent her back home.
I actually made two more mistakes.
He sent her home without talking to the boss of resistance.
I didn't raise the phone, and I didn't do what I should have done, that I was calling my boss and I got it with him to see her.
And if my boss had seen it, I would have been able to give you a complex information.
Maybe I did it for a good reason.
I may not want to be a resident that requires constant attention.
Maybe I wanted to be so successful and able to take responsibility, which could take care of my patients without even contacted to my boss.
The second mistake I made was worse.
When I send it to his house, I didn't pay attention to a voice in my inside that he said, "Gold, it's not a good idea. Don't do it."
In fact, I was so insecure that I even asked the nurse that I was talking to the lady of the Surging lady, "Do you think it's okay if you go to your house?
And the nurse thought and then said with total nature," "Yes, I think I'll be right."
I remember that as if it was yesterday.
So he signed up the high, and the ambulance next to the paradox took her home.
And I went back to the hospital room.
The rest of that day, I had a bad presentation in the stomach.
But I went on with my job.
At the end of the day, I packaged to leave the hospital and walk towards the parking where my car was to go home. At that point I did something that I don't normally do.
They went through the service emergency service to home.
And the other nurse was not the one that I was taking from the Cricket lady before, but another -- I was told three words -- those three words that most emergency doctors are afraid of.
Other specialists fear them too, but there's a particular in electronics and we see the patients.
The three words are accepted to you?
"Do you remember the patient that sent your house?
I asked the other nurse with total nature.
"Well, she comes back with the same voice tone of voice.
She was fine.
But it comes back and on the verge of death.
At the time I had come to her home, after I gave him the high, he suffered a collapse and his family called 1912, and the paradox came to emergency with an arbitrary pressure of Hey, which means a silent shoes.
I just breathe and was blue.
The emergency staff took all their resources.
They gave him medication to climb the blood pressure.
And they put an artificial respect.
I was considered and burned up to the cord.
He had a mixture of feelings because after the script was in intensive therapy and waiting for all hope that would be reconstructed.
And in the two or three days next that I would never wake up.
I had a broken brain damage.
The family came together.
And in eight or nine days, they were adapted to what was happening.
And in the ninth day, they let go. The Dr. Dr. wife, mother and grandmother.
They say that you never forget the names of which they die.
That was my first experience.
The next week, I was punished by it, and I experienced for the first time the same shame that exists in our medical culture, and I felt just just -- assembly, without feeling that healthy shame because you can't talk to your colleagues.
You make the countries and never get that mistake.
It's that shame that leaves a teaching.
The magic shame that I talk about is the one that makes us feel very bad at it.
It is the one that tells us not that what we did was wrong, but we're bad.
And that feels like that.
And it wasn't my boss -- he was a love.
I talked to the family, and I'm sure that he was able to cut things out and make sure that I wouldn't demand me.
And I kept asking them those questions.
Why did I not ask my boy? Why did he send him to his house?
And in my worst moments, why did I make a starting error so silly?
Why did I choose medicine?
Little at the time that feeling was disappearing.
And I started feeling better.
And in one day, he opened the sky and finally went out the sun, and I was wondering if I would feel better again.
And I did a deal with myself in which if I would get the efforts to be perfect, not to make more mistakes, would make those voices.
And so it was.
I would work.
But it came back.
Two years later, I was a student in the emergency department in a community hospital north of Toronto, and I received a 25-year-old man with a pain in the throat.
I was very busy and applied.
And he would be here.
I looked at his throat, was a little color.
He gave him penicillin, and he sent her home.
But as he was headed to the door he kept following her throat.
Two days later, when I came to make my graduate change, my wife asked to speak with me in his office.
And I said the three words: Do you remember you?"
Do you remember the patient who saw for a pain in the garden?
Because he came back, and I didn't have a static facial.
I had a potentially deadly approach called emissions.
They can look at Google -- it's an infection, not the throat, but from the upper air, and that can cause the close of those tracks.
He did not fail.
It was antibiotics administrative and recovered by the few days.
And it took the same period of shame and reproductions, and then he came up and went back to work, until again and again, and again.
Two times in the same turn of urgency. It doesn't diagnose any app.
And it's a great effort, especially working on a hospital, because it was about 14 patients at the same time.
But in both cases, I didn't send them home, and I don't think it's been a discovery.
One of them thought had a kidney calculation of it.
You hear a radio of kidneys, but it turned out -- a colleague that was getting back to the patient perceived a certain sensitivity in the lower right corner and called surgeon.
The other patient was with a lot of diarrhea.
I ordered him liquid to record and asked my colleague to take it back.
You reviewed it, and when you saw some sensitivity in the bottom right-hand quadrant, I called the surgeon.
And both of them were operated and they were going to recover well.
But every single case, I was demonstrated.
But I'd like to tell you that I ate the worst mistakes in the first five years of exercise, and like many colleagues say, it's a bit of a bit.
The most significant ones have been for the last five years.
Just embarrassed and without support.
And here's the problem: If I can't release and talk about my mistakes, if I can't find the voice that really tells me what happens, how can you share this with my colleagues?
How do you teach them to not eat the same errors?
If I would go into a place like this, I would have no idea what you think about me.
When was the last time you hear somebody talking about failure, after failure, after failure?
Of course in a party you'll hear about other doctors, but you wouldn't hear someone talking about their own mistakes.
And if I knew and my colleagues as well, that a transmitter in my hospital tied the wrong leg, believe it would have difficulty to look at the eyes.
This is the system we have.
The whole brain of the mistakes.
It's the system in which there are two positions -- the ones that make mistakes and the ones that they can't sleep and the ones that they have a little bit of results and the ones that have a lot of results.
And it's almost like an ideological reaction, like antibodies that begin to attack that person.
We have the idea that if we take away from medicine to the people who make mistakes, we will have a safe system.
But that brings two problems.
In 20 years of discussion and medical journalism, I've made a personal study of bad medical failures and medical errors to learn what possible, from the first article I wrote for the Toronto, to my program, "White Duta, white art, black art."
And what I learned is that mistakes are amazing.
We work in a system where errors happen every day, where one of the 10 pressure drugs in the hospital are wrong, or the drawing is not right -- in a system where the industrial infections are increasingly and more and more numerous and getting chaos and death.
In this country, it will die 20,000 singers for traditional medical error.
The U.S. Institute of Medicine established 100,000 billion.
In both cases, it's about border substitutes, because we're not setting up the problem as we should.
And that's what things are.
A hospital system where the knowledge is moving every two or three years, and we don't act ourselves.
The deprivation.
We can't get rid of it.
We have cognitive biases that allow us to make a perfect history of a patient on the chest.
Now, let's take the same patient with a pain on the chest. It comes up with limited eyes and attack to alcohol, and all of a sudden, my story.
It's not the same story.
I'm not a robot -- I don't do things always as well.
And my patients are not cars. It doesn't solve their symptoms always in the same way.
For all this, mistakes are inevitable.
So if we took the system as we were taught and we remove all the professional professionals to mistake, well, not to stay still.
And with regard to people don't want to talk about their most rare?
In my program, "Delhan white art, which is a cost to say, "This is my worst mistake. I would say to everybody, from the paradigm to the heart surgery, "This is my worst "remote: blah blah blah blah blah blah -- "What are your errors? And I would direct the microphone to them.
And their students were stopped, they would go back, raise the head and go out and start to tell their stories.
They want to tell their stories, they want to share them.
They want to be able to say, "Look, they don't check the same error."
They need a context where you can do it.
They need a recording medical culture.
And it starts with a doctor every time.
The redefine physician is human, you know, human -- it accepts it, and it does not be proud of your mistakes, but it is effort to learn from what happened to teach others.
It shares their experiences with them.
It's support for those who talk about their mistakes.
It pointed out the mistakes of other people not with the intention of throwing them out, but in a loving way and support for everyone to benefit.
And it works in a medical culture that recognizes that human beings run the system, and when this happens, they make mistakes every single time.
My name is Brian Golden.
I'm an redefine doctor.
I'm human, I eat mistakes.
And I feel it a lot, but I effort to learn something that can be transmitted to others.
I don't know what about me, but I can live with that.
And let me conclude with three personal words: I remember it.
Do you know how many decisions we take any day?
Do you know how much we choose in a week?
I recently did a survey of over 2,000 people and the average amount of choices that he says to choose an average American. It's about 70 to the day.
It doesn't do a lot, in a research followed by a week to a group of presidents of companies.
Researchers were rejected all the different tasks that are inspired by these executives and the time they tried to make decisions related to those tasks.
They found that, in average, they store 13 jobs a week.
Naturally, every job included a lot of machines.
Half of those decisions took nine minutes or less.
Only 12 percent required an hour or more of their time.
Now think of your choices.
Do you know how many of you belong to the category of nine minutes, and how many of an hour an hour anymore?
How does the way make those decisions?
Today I want to talk about one of the biggest problems of the current thing: choose to choose the emergence of choices.
I want to talk about the problem and some possible solutions.
As I talk about this, I'm going to ask you a few questions, and I need to know their answers.
When I ask a question, like I'm blind, raise your hand just if you want to burn calories.
Otherwise, when I ask a question, if your answer is positive, please give a pace.
And now my first question: Are you ready to hear about the problem of super-handed choices?
Thank you.
Being graduate graduate student at Stanford University, I was faced with this very, very high marker at least in that time was very sophisticated.
It was called the dragonflies.
It was almost like going to a amusement park.
There were like 250 different kinds of mustard and invasive, over 500 different kinds of fruits and vegetables and about 25 pictures of water, and this was when we take a water from the graph.
I would like to go to that store, but in one occasion, I wondered, why never buy anything?
This is the story of the olive oil.
They had more than 75 different classes including the ones that were in the sky that would come from a million trees.
And once I decided to visit the manager and I asked him, does this strategy work good at all these options?
He pointed to me the buses filled with the tourists that came every day, usually with his cameras.
We decided to make a little experiment with the mills.
walk.
They had 464 different classes.
And we installed a poetry to say, just to the entrance of the store.
We put out of six different flavors and we looked at two things: First, in what case people were willing to stop testing the milk?
More people were stopped when there was 24, a 60 percent, that when there was only six, 40 percent.
We also found out where they were more likely to buy a market of milk.
Here we found the opposite effect.
Where they stopped when there was 24, only three percent came to buy miles.
And they stood up when there were six, we saw that 30 percent bought measurement.
If we do the calculations, people had six times more likely to buy a message if they found six -- that if they found 20.
Well, to decide that we don't buy it probably makes us become, at least it's good for preserving the line, but it turns out that the problem of the choice of choice affects us in momentous decisions.
We decided to decide -- even though this is not convinced.
Now the issue of day, the financial savings.
I'm going to describe a study that I did with Guer Hubble, Shamb Kandela and Wild Jane, where we looked at the decisions about savings for about a million Americans, from about 600 plans of this country.
We're interested in looking at the number of funds available in planes of adolescents available in analysis of teenagers for retirement.
And we found that there was really a corruption.
We had 75 plans that went from two, to 50 different options.
We found that the higher the number of funding forests, there was less participation.
So if you look at the end, we see that in the plans that offer two funds -- the rate of participation was 70 percent or more, not as high as you like.
And in the plans that were offered about 60 forests, the rate of participation stopped the 60 percent.
It turns out that even if you decide to participate, when there are more choices, even in that case, there are negative consequences.
So for those who decided to participate, the greater the number of options, the more people were encouraged to avoid action or hedge funds.
As much as there were more options, they were more willing to invest in financial finance issues.
But none of these extreme decisions are the ones that we will recommend to optimize the good future financial well-being.
In the previous decade we've seen three main negative consequences by offering more and more possibilities.
The most likely thing is that you make the decision, which is still when this is against the interest.
It's more likely to take the worst decisions in the finance and in health.
They are more likely to pick up less satisfying things, even though they get better.
The main reason is that we manage to look at that giant variety of mosquitos, mosquito, imagination and miracle, but we are not able to do the calculations to compare and go into and choose that incredible exhibition of it.
Today I want to propose to four simple techniques that we've been treated, in one form or another, in different research, so that they can test in their business.
The first is, Coral.
You've heard it before, but it's never been more than today, than less is more.
People always bother when I say, "Dragging: "Dragging: "Freedom."
They care about losing space in the analyze.
But actually, what we're looking at more and more is that if you decide to cut out, get rid of weird signatures, there will be an increase in the sales -- go down the costs, there'll be a better experience in the election.
When Project & Gamble went from 26 different kinds of Haiti & Supermans to 15, they saw a 10 percent increase in sales.
When the government Cattle Core Catherlick ended up the products for categories that are less sold less than the use of the subjects in 85 percent of two causes and higher sales and fewer costs.
You know that supermarkets, today, 40 thousand products.
In a Wall store, a 100 billion products.
But the largest store in the world is Allian is Alan and offers only 1,400 products -- a kind of tomato tomato sauce sale.
In the world of financial savings -- I think one of the best examples that have happened about how to handle the choices is the player of David Landar, the Harvard program.
All of the employees of Harvard are automatically embedded at a field of life.
They really want to choose, they offer 20 ships, not 300 or more.
You know that people often say, "I don't know how to cut out.
These are all important choices.
The first thing I do is to ask the employees, tell me the differences that are between those options.
And if your employees can't difference, you will never be able to do your customers."
This afternoon, before I started this session, I was talking to Garden.
He told me that he would be willing to offer people from this audience a few holidays with everything to the most beautiful road in the world.
Here, a description here.
I want you to read it.
I'm going to leave a few seconds to read and then I want you to give you an applause if you're ready to take the Garden office.
(But shells. Okay. Anyone who's ready to accept the operation.
Are they not more?
Well, I'm going to show you something else.
You knew there was a trick.
Who is ready for that journey?
I think I really had to hear more hands.
All right.
Actually, you had more information in the first round than the second round -- but I can tell you that they thought the second time was more real.
Because the images made it look more real.
This brings me to the second technique to handle the problem of the security surface, which is Contradiction.
So that people understand the differences between options, they have to understand the consequences of every choice, and the consequences must feel very fast, very contradiction.
Why do people spend 18 to 30 percent more in average when they use debit cards or credit cards than when using effective?
Because it doesn't seem real money.
It turns out that making it more real, it can be a very positive tool for people to save more.
So we did a study with Shaper Benjamin and Alexander Prevalent -- a personal Institute of Keep -- these people were in a meeting where they were advanced to a 400 plan.
To that meeting that we had exactly as used to it, we made a little addiction.
What we added was that we requested the staff to think about positive things that would happen in their lives if they save more money.
With this minute, there was an increase in the algorithms of 20 percent and an increase in the amount they were interested in saving or what they wanted to put in their savings account, four percent.
The third technique is Classic.
We can run more categories than options.
For example, this is a study that we did in a market hall.
We saw that in the Western supermarkets along the edge of the north, magazines can contain from 33 different types to 664.
But you know?
Because the claim tells me how to figure it out.
These are two jokes of jewelry.
One is called "Ahnowex: "The other, Swindance."
If you think that one on the left is Sylvia, and the one on the right is Japan, they give a package.
Well, there are some ones.
If you think that one on the left is Japan, and the one on the right is Swindy, they have a pace.
Well, something else.
It turns out it's right.
The one on the left is Jack, and the one on the right is Sweden. But you know what?
This rating scheme is totally useless.
The categories have to indicate something that you choose, not that you define it.
You often see this problem with these huge funds.
All of the people who are informing?
My fourth category, continue complexity.
It turns out that we can make a lot more information than we thought, if we just simplify it.
We have to increase complexity.
I'm going to show you an example of what I want to say.
Let's look at a very complicated decision -- the purchase of a car.
This is a German German manufacturer that allows you to do it completely.
You have to take 60 decisions, to raise the car.
And these decisions vary in the number of options that offers each one.
Colors, outside of the car -- I have 56 possibilities.
Mother, change box -- four options.
What I'm going to do is to vary the order of decisions appear.
So half of the customers are going to go from lots of options, 56 colors, to a few persons, four boxes.
The other half of the clients are going to go from a few options, four boxes, to 56 colors, many options.
And what am I going to look like?
How much involved you are.
If you action always the button of define in every decision, this indicates that they're abuse, or you're losing them.
We find that those who are going from many options to a few choices -- they turn the button for the way over and over again, and more.
We lost them.
If you go from a few choices to many, they continue there.
The same information, the same number of options.
The only thing I did was the order that the information was presented.
If we start with the easy one, you learn to choose.
Even though the box of changes is not telling me anything about the preferences of the inner decoration.
We're excited about a product that we're building that now has more conditioned with the process.
To sum out.
I talked about four techniques to mitigate the production of the choice of the choice: curious, eliminate strange alternatives -- contrast, make it real. We can drive more categories with less choices, to be able to do the complexity.
All of these techniques that I have presented to you was designed to help manage alternatives or better, for you, to use them in your issues, or for people who are going to be.
So I think that the key to getting the best of a choice is being careful by picking up.
And the more careful we are in our choices better we can practice the art of choice.
Thank you very much.
In the 1980s, in the communist East Germany, if you had a typewriter to write it to the government.
And I had to register a text of a text with the machine.
And this for the government could track the origin of text.
If you found a writer with the wrong message you could trace the footprint to the origin of the idea.
In the West, we didn't think that somebody could do this, how much it would limit the freedom of expression.
We would never do that in our countries.
But today, in 2011, if you buy a laser color of any big manufacturing and print a page, that page will end up having some yellow yellow dots in every page that makes them own and your printer.
That's happening to us today.
And nobody seems to be studying a lot about this.
This is an example of the ways that our governments use technology against us, the citizens.
And it's one of three main causes of problems in the network.
If you look at what happens in the online world we can turn the attacks according to their attacks.
There are three main groups.
It's the circumstances.
Like Mr. Dimitri Gulf from the city of King in Ukraine.
The cell phone cell is very easy to understand.
These guys make money.
They use the charities to make a lot of money, engineers.
There are really many cases of online online, multiplemation, who won money with their attacks.
This is Valley Taliban, in Tathing, Station.
This is Alfred Goodbilling.
This is Stephen Walter.
This is Berg Soul.
These are Matthew Anderson, Track Slanger etc., etc., etc.
These guys do their online forms, but they do it by illegal means by illegal triangles to steal money from our accounts when we buy online, or steal our keys to get information from our cards when we bought in an infected computer.
The secret of the U.S., two months ago, collapse the Swiss account of this Mr. Sam Jane, and this story was 14 million dollars when it was frozen.
Mr. Janie stepped up, and he knows her parachute.
And I say today is more likely than any of us who are victims of a criminal crime.
And it's very obvious that this is going from bad in worse.
In the future, most crimes will happen online.
The second group of attacks that we see today is not motivated by money.
There is another thing that moves, they motivate them the protests, they motivate the opinions -- they motivate laughter.
Groups like Anonymous have collapsed in the last 12 months by occupying a role in the online attacks.
Those are the three main attacks, the criminals who do it for money, the hackers like Administrations that do that to protest and the last group are the national states the governments that attack.
And then we see cases like Diamondar.
That's a good example of government attacks against their own citizens.
Divine is a confidence authority of the Netherlands, or, actually, it was.
declare the last fall, because of a sport.
They served the safety of the site and they signed a cyber crime.
Last week I asked, in a meeting with the Dutch government, I asked one of the leaders if they found the death of people at the way of the attack to Dictate.
And the answer of it was yes.
So how do people die because of an attack of this?
Dictator is a central authority.
They sell certified.
What do the cerebral serve?
Well, you need if you have a website with the bits, scanner services, services like Ganglin.
Except that they make a certain foreign authority.
And they emit cereal cerebrations.
And in the case of Diamondar happened exactly that.
And what happened in the Arab Spring and those things that have happened, for example, in Egypt.
Well, in Egypt the protesters took the headquarters of the Egyptian secret police at April 2011, and during the bus of the building, they found many papers.
Among those papers I was this cartoon called FDA:
And within that folder there were notes of a company with it in Germany that had sold the Egyptian government tools to interact large scale of the citizens of the citizens of the country.
They had sold this tool for 200,000 euros to the Egyptian government.
The headquarters of the company is right here.
That is, the Western governments provide tools to totalitarian governments to do this to their citizens.
But Western governments also do this to themselves.
For example, in Germany, just a couple of weeks ago, the Spiderbert Tanger was found -- a Teraname used by the German government official to investigate their own citizens.
If you're supportive in an criminal case, it's pretty obvious that your phone is interested.
But today it goes further.
The Internet connection.
They will use even tools like the Scott train to infect our computer with a Trojan to allow us to see all the communication, and listen to the online discussions to get our data.
When we think about things like this, the obvious answer should be "Well, it seems a bad thing, but I don't really affect because I'm an honest citizen.
Why do you worry?
I have nothing to collect."
And that argument doesn't make sense.
It's in play with privacy.
privacy.
It's not a question of privacy against security.
It's about the freedom against control.
And if we could trust our governments today in 2011, any right thing that we go on today, will be forever.
We will trust ourselves in any future government, in an administration that we could have within 50 years?
These are the questions that we have to worry about over the next 50 years.
This is where I live. I live in Kenya, in the South National Park.
These are the cows of my dad, the background, and behind the cow, the National Park National Park.
The National Park National Park doesn't have close to the largest part of the south, which means that wild animals like the cheap mirror mirror outside the park.
And predators, like the lions -- follow them, and this is what they do.
They kill our cattle.
This is one of the ones that killed at night, and so soon we raised in the morning and found it dead I felt very bad because it was the only layer we had.
My community, the massive, we think we came from the sky with our animals and all the land to take it, and so we value them so much.
So I grew up having a lot of the lions.
The dying are warriors that protect our community and livestock and they're also upset with the problem.
So they kill lions.
This is one of the six lions that killed in Nairobi.
I think that's why there are so few in Nairobi National Park.
A child in my community, at the age of nine at nine years old, is responsible for his father and this was the same thing that happens to me.
So I had to find a way to solve this problem.
My first idea was to use fire, because I thought the lions would give them afraid.
But I realized that this was actually not served because it would even help lions see the rest of them.
I didn't let me. I went on.
A second idea was to use a spine.
I tried to pursue lions to believe that I was near the state.
But the lions are very smart.  They came the first day and saw the spine, and they went out, but the second day, they went back and said, this thing doesn't move, it's always here.  So they jumped and killed animals.
So one night it was walking around with an ancestor and that day the lions didn't come.
I found out that lions are afraid of the light that moves.
So I had an idea.
And I got a switch to learn and switch out the lights.
And this is a little lamp.
I took it all.
As you can see, the solar panel charges the battery and the battery supply the electricity to the small individual box. I call it a transformation.
And the Indian box makes the lights slow.
As you can see, the light bulbs go outside, because that's where lions come from.
And that's what lions you see when you come at night.
The lights are delivered and choosing lions so they think I'm walking through the stage, but I'm sleeping in my bed.
Thank you.
So I put them in my house two years ago, and since then, we never got to have problems with the lions.
And the neighborhood houses heard the idea.
One of them is from this grandmother.
She had killed a lot of animals, and he asked me if I could put the lights up.
I said yes.
I put them. You can see the background, these are the lights for lions.
Since then, I've installed them in seven houses in my community, and they're serving a lot.
And my idea is also used by all of Kenya, to scare other predators as stories, leaders, and it's also being used to spin elephants of farms.
Thanks to this invention, I was fortunate to get a scholarship in one of the best schools in Kenya, Chicago International School, and I'm very excited.
My new school now is helping to raise funds and consciousness.
I even brought my friends to my community and we installed lights in the houses that they don't have, and I teach them how to put them.
So one year ago, I was just a child on the parts of the sand by spending the cows of my father, and he used to see airplanes flying up, and he told me that some day would be inside one.
And here I am.
I got the opportunity to come to the first time to TED.
My great dream is to get to be an engineering engineer and pilot when I grew up.
It used to hate the lions, but now as my invention is saving my dad and the lions, we can be with the lions without any conflict.
And I know what in my language means, thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: You don't imagine how exciting it is to listen to a story like you.
So I got a bank. Right?
CA: You're working on other electrical inventions.
What's the next in your list?
RM: My next invention is -- I want to do a close electricity. CA: A close electric?
RM: I know they already invented the electric electricity, but I want to do the mine.
CA: You already try it once, right? And you, RA: I've tried it before, but he got a camera.  CA: On the foot of the finger, Richard Toroster, you're a big thing.
We're going to animate in every step that you do, friend mine.
Thank you very much. RH: Thank you very much.
When I was a little boy, I thought my country was the best on the planet.
And I grew up singing a song called "No Environmental Environmental."
And I felt very proud.
In school, we spent all the time studying the story of Kim Syll, but we never learned a lot about the rest of the world, except that America, South Korea, Japan are the enemies.
Even though I was wondering about the rest of the world -- I thought I would spend my entire life in North Korea, until everything changed suddenly.
When I was seven years old, I saw my first public exercise.
But I thought my life in North Korea was normal.
My family wasn't poor and I had never happened.
But one day, in 1995, my mom brought home a letter of my sister's colleague of my sister.
He said, "When you read this, the five members of the family will stop there in this world, because we haven't eaten in the last two weeks.
We are put together on the floor, and our bodies are so weak, that we're prepared to die."
I was very attracted.
It was the first time I heard that people were suffering in my country.
At a short time, when I walked in front of the train station, I saw something terrible I can't erase from my memory.
A woman without life was dead on the street, holding a child on her arms looking at his mother's face without being able to do anything.
Nobody would help them, because they were very concerned about taking care of themselves and their family.
A huge rise to North Korea in the middle of the 1990s.
At the end of the end, over a million Koreans died during the famine and just a few survived eating step, insects and tree cortex.
It also became more and more often the energy cut, all around me was completely on the last night except by sea lights in China, just crossing the river from my home.
I always wondered why they had light and we don't.
This is a satellite picture of North Korea at night compared to neighboring countries.
This is the American River, which would be a limit between North Korea and China.
As you can see, the river can be very upset in certain points, allowing NGOs to cross safely.
But many people die.
Sometimes I saw bodies floating on the river.
I can't reveal the details of how I came out of North Korea, but I can only say that during the years of famine I was sent to China to live with a distant part.
But I just thought I'd be separated from my family for short time.
I could never have imagined that I would take 14 years back to live together.
In China, it was hard to live as a young woman without my family.
I had no idea what life like Korean refugee would be.
But soon I learned that it's not just extremely difficult, but also dangerous, because the North refugees in China were considered illegal immigration.
So I was living with a constant fear that my identity was revealed, and it would be repeated to a horrible fate back in North Korea.
A day, my worst nightmare was actually made when I was arrested by the Chinese police and stuck in the police station.
Someone had accused me to be Northern -- then I looked at my skills in Chinese language, and they asked me many questions.
I was terrified.
I thought my heart was going to explore.
If it didn't seem natural, it could be school and depressed.
I thought my life was going to end.
But I managed to control my emotions and ask the questions.
At the end of the surgeon, an official told another, "This was a fake report. She's not Northern."
And they let me go. It was a miracle.
Some Koreans in China are looking for foreign empathy.
But many people can be arrested by the Chinese police and sports.
These women were very lucky.
Even though they had captured them, they were eventually released after an international pressure.
These Koreans were not so lucky.
Every year, inconvenient North Koreans are captured in China and sports in North Korea, where they are toros, incarcerated or executed in public.
Although I was lucky to escape -- many other reefs haven't been so lucky.
It's tragic that Koreans have to hide their identity and fight so hard to survive.
Even after learning a new language and finding work, all its world can be taken in an instant.
That's why after 10 years of hiding my identity, I've decided to go to South Korea.
And I started a new life again.
In South Korea, it was a much larger challenge than I was hoping for.
The English was very important in South Korea, I had to start learning my third language.
I also understood that there was a big gap between North and south.
We're all current, but in the inside, we've gotten to be very different because of 67 years of division.
Even a crisis of identity.
I'm South South or North?
Where am I? Who am I?
Suddenly, there was no country I could call with pride me.
Even though I would adapt to life in South Korea was not easy, I did a plan. I started studying for the rise of income to college.
Just when I started adapting to my new life, I got a call albaming.
The North Korean authorities interact with some money that I sent to my family, and as a punishment -- my family was going to be shooting to the force to a step location.
They had to get immediately.
I began to plan how to help them escape.
The Koreans have to travel long distances on the way towards freedom.
It's almost impossible to cross the border between North Korea and South Korea.
So ironically, I took a flight to China, and I got into the border of North Korea.
Since my family couldn't speak Chinese, I had to guide them, somehow for over 3,000 miles across China, and then through Southeast Asia.
The bus trip took a week, and we almost were trapped several times.
Once, our bus was arrested and addressed by an official of the Chinese police officer.
He asked everybody's identity, and he started asking questions.
As my family couldn't understand Chinese, I thought my family was going to be arrested.
When the Chinese officer came up to my family, I implicated I stood up and I told him that they were supportive people who were accused.
He looked at me supportive but fortunately I believed me.
We did all the way up to the border of Lader.
But I had to spend almost all my money to bribe the border guards in Lords.
But even after I went through the border, my family was arrested and incarcerated to cross the border electricity.
After paying lots and gentlemen, my family was released in a month.
But at the time, my family was arrested and scored again in the capital of Lades.
This was one of the lowest points in my life.
I did everything to release my family, and we were so close, but my family was recognized in prison at the short distance of the South Korea.
I was going and came between the impact office and the police station, desperately trying to liberate my family.
But I didn't have enough money to pay more bribe or much more smokes.
I lost hope.
At that moment, or the voice of a man to ask myself, "What is the problem?
I was so surprised that a stranger would care to ask.
With my poor English and with a dictionary, I explained the situation, and not doubt -- the man went to the autism of autism and gave me the rest of the money for my family and for two two NGOs and to bring them out of prison.
I thank you all my heart, and I asked him, "Why do I help me?"
"I'm not helping you, he said.
"I'm helping the North Nobel point."
I realized that was a symbolic moment in my life.
The unknown limit was a new hope for me and for the nitrogen village when we needed it.
And it showed me that the kindness of unknown and the support of the international community are really the spread of hope that the North York needs to need.
Over time, after our long journey, my family and I met us in South Korea.
But to achieve his freedom is only half the battle.
Many North Koreans are separated from their families and when they open up to a new country, they start with little or any money.
So we can benefit from the international community with education, the practice of English language, work practice.
We can also act as a bridge between people inside of North Korea and the rest of the world.
Because many of us are still in contact with families still inside, and we send information and money that is helping change North Korea from within.
I've been very lucky, I've received a lot of aid and inspiration in my life, so I want to help northern to give you a chance to thrive.
I'm sure you're going to see more and more Koreans driving around the world, including the TED stage.
Thank you.
I live in South Central Center.
This is Central South to the South And the Los Latin Stores, and they have a rapid food, fast land.
So the planners of the city came together and they thought, we're going to change the name of South Central to represent something else, so they changed it to Los Angeles, as if this would fix what is actually bad in the city.
This is the Southern Angeles --  There are stories of little little bits of life, fast food, balls balls.
Like 26 million other Americans, I live in a food desert, the Los Angeles Center Homeology, home of food places to take and eat in the car.
The curious thing is that the food places to bring kill more people than food in the car.
People are dying from heart diseases in Los Angeles Center.
For example, the rate of obesity in my neighborhood is five times older than we say, Bertie Mills, which is about 15 miles away.
I'm tired of seeing that this happens.
And I ask myself, how would you feel if you didn't have access to sound food, and if every time you go back home, you see the harmful effects that the current food system has in your service?
I see the wheelchair of the running and sold chairs that are used as cars.
I see disciplines in planning like Starbucks.
And I think this must stop.
I think the problem is the solution.
Food is the problem, and it's the solution.
And I also got tired of driving 45 minutes of drop and it turns around to buy an apple that doesn't have psychologists.
What I did, it was planted a forest of food in front of my house.
In a land sliver we call a garden.
It's about 45 x six feet six feet.
The point is, it belongs to the city.
But you have to keep it.
I said, "Well, I can do what you come to me, because it's my responsibility and I have to keep it."
This was how I decided to keep it.
So my group and I, L.A. -- Green Greek, we put together and start planting our food forest -- fruit trees, you know, the nine full vegetables.
What we do, we are kind of a group paid by the sand of all the programs, all over the city and completely volunteers, and everything we do is free.
And the garden was beautiful.
Then someone got burned.
The city came up to me and in short, they gave me a Catholic saying that I had to retire my bar, the science became a legal order.
And I was like, "Come on, really?
A court order for planting food on a piece of land than no matter?  So then I was like, "Well, forget it."
Because this time it wasn't going to happen.
A.I. Times had the story written by Steve Lab, and I talked to the concentrate and one of the members of Green Greek, who put a petition in Charlie, with 900 signatures, we were a success.
We had the victory in our hands.
My contact was even called to say that they came up and worship what we were doing.
I mean, we go, why not?
L.A. is the city of the United States with more laughter tracks.
It has 68 miles of blue land.
That equals 20 Central Park.
That is space enough to plant 75 million of them of tomato plants.
Why do you talk you don't look good at this?
And I'll grow a plan to give about a thousand sets.
When a dollar of scales will give you 75 dollars a result.
It's my brother, when I tell people, they grow your own food.
Cultivating your own food is how you print your own money.
You see, I have a legacy for South Central Center.
I grew up there. I grew my kids there.
I'm sorry to be part of this manufacturing reality that was manufacturing for me, and I'm going to make my own reality.
I'm an artist.
The garden is my graph, I grew up my art.
Just like an artist of graphics, which is setting walls -- I mean, gardens, gardens.
I use the garden, the land, like a piece of sign, and plants and trees, are my understanding of that canvas.
You'd be surprised to see what the Earth can do, if they let it be your canvas.
You simply can't imagine how amazing a sunflower and how it affects people.
What happened?
I'm a witness of how my garden became an education tool, a transformation of my neighborhood.
To change the community, you have to change the composition of the land.
We're the land.
You'll be surprised to see how the kids affect kids.
Grandma is the most therapeutic and prostitutional act that you can do, especially in a book.
You get there.
I remember an example, who came up with a mother and his daughter, were like "1932, at night and they were in my garden, it went out and they looked very very apparently.
I, well, man, I felt bad that they were there, and I said, you know, you don't have to do this.
This is in the street for a reason.
I felt shame when I saw people who were so close to me, and this only reinforces why I do this, people ask me, "Inconvention, don't you fear that people are going to steal your food?
I say, "Oh my God, I'm not afraid you're going to steal it."
So that's the street.
That's what it's about.
I want you to take it, but at the same time, I want you to challenge your health.
There was another time that I put a garden in a refugee shelter at the center of Los Angeles.
They were these guys, who helped me download the truck.
It was a fabulous, I was shared his stories about how this had affected them and how they used to plant with her mom and his grandmother, and it was great to see how this changed them, so just for a moment.
So Green Greenson has come to plant maybe 20 cartoons.
We've had about 50 people who come from, work and participate, all of them in voluntary plan.
If kids grow up, kids eat it.
If you grow tomatoes --  But if nothing of this is taught you, if you don't teach them how food affects your mind and body, they eat blind what they put in front of them.
I see young people who want to work, but they have this thing that you're caught in. I see boys of color that are on this path designed for them, which doesn't take them anywhere.
With the grandmother, I see a chance where we can train these guys who are getting away from their communities to have a sustainable life.
And when we do this, who knows?
Maybe the next George Washington Carry.
But if we don't change the composition of the land, we never will.
Now this is one of my plans -- this is something I want to do.
I want to plant a whole block of gardens, where people can share food in the same picture.
I want to take speakers and turn them into healthy chaos.
Don't get me wrong.
I'm not talking about free things, because graph is not sustainable.
The curious thing about sustainability, is that you have to make it.
What I talk about is to go to work to work with people, get kids out of the street, who know the joy, the pride and the honor to grow their own food, making stock markets.
What I want to do here, we have to make it sexy.
I want everyone to become a collective engineering, gesture regular regimes.
We have to change the script of what's a passing.
If you're not a garden, you're not a garden.
You have to take your patent again?
That that is his choice of choice.
You know, if you want to meet me, well, if you want to see me, you don't call me if you want to sit on comfortable chairs and have meetings to talk about doing some forest: to talk about doing some free.
If you want to look at me, come to the garden with your pole so that we could plant something.
peace. Thank you.
Thank you.
(Audience subject:  (Music ends)  You probably all agree with me that this is a very nice road.
It's made of attack, and the asphalt is a good material to drive, but not always, especially not in days like today, that it rains.
You can have a huge amount of water in the asphalt that he said.
And especially if you go in your bike and these cars go by, that's not very nice.
Also, the asphalt can do a lot of noise.
It's a noisy material, and if we build roads, like in the Netherlands, very close to cities, we want a quiet road.
The solution for that is to make beautiful association rates.
The prosthetic rate -- a material that we use now in most roads of the Netherlands, has ports and water can go through it, so the whole water is flowing through the sides and they will have a road that it's easy to drive, and not to take water never more.
Noise will also disappear in these ports.
Because it's very harmful, the whole noise will disappear, so it's a very silent road.
It also has dividends, of course, and the disadvantage of this road is that you can get rid of it.
What is it to do is to get there? You see that in this road, the stones of the surface come out.
First of all, a fish, then several more and more and more, etc., and then -- well, I won't do that.  But you can give him your windshield and not be happy with that.
And finally, this can also take more and more damage.
Sometimes you can create males with that.
Here. It's ready.
Bayls, of course, that you can become a problem, but we have a solution.
So here you can actually see how damage appears in this material.
It's a strange stage, like I said, so only has a little amount of interest between the stones.
Because of the environment, to the United light, to the optimism, this adoption, this ball, the glue between the rivers, is going to be standing up, and if you embrace, you will be micro-ending and separated from the addicts.
So, if you drive through the road, they would get the addicts -- as we saw it here.
To solve this problem, we think of substantial materials.
If we can make this material, then we probably have a solution.
So what we can do is we can use steel lava from that to clean strangers, and we can cut the steel ball into very small pieces, and we can mix those little bits with the button.
So we have little pieces of seat with little bits of steel in it.
Then you need a machine, like the one you see here, that you use to cook -- an industrial machine.
Independence can happen, especially steel, is very good at that.
So what you have to do is heat the steel, melt the bear, the button will flow by these microscopes and the stones will go back to the surface.
Today I used a microwave oven, because I can't bring the big device machine here to the stage.
Microscope is a similar system.
I put the show, which I'm going to take to see what happened.
This is the sample that comes out now.
I said we have this kind of industrial machine in the lab to heat the samples.
We tried a lot of samples there, and then the government, really saw our results, and they thought, "Well, that's very interesting. We have to try it.
So they gave us a piece of road, 400 meters from the Airance highway, where we had to make a trial cart to test this material.
So that was what we did there. You see where we were doing the road test, and then, of course, this hard will last several years without any damage. That's what we know about the practice.
We took many samples from this road and test them in the lab.
We made the samples, we put a lot of charge in them, we repair them then with our drawing machine and we took them back and we went back to it.
We can repeat this many times.
Well, to conclude, I can say that we have done a material using steel fibers, by incorporating these fibers -- using the energy of information to actually increase the life of the surface of the road, you can even double the life of the surface -- you can actually save a lot of money with very simple tricks.
And now, of course, they have a cure of whether this was also working.
We still have the show here. It's pretty hot.
Actually, you have to face first before I can show you how repair it is.
But I'm going to do a try.
Let's see. Yeah, it worked.
Thank you.
When I was 11 years old, I remember woke up a morning with the sound of the weak in my house.
My father was listening to ABC in his little gray radio.
I had a big smile in his face that was unusual in those times, because the news usually depressed it.
The Taliban was going on. The Taliban my father.
I didn't know what I mean, but I could see my father was very, very happy.
"I know you can go to a real school, he said.
One morning I will never forget.
True school.
You see, I was six years old when the Taliban came from Afghanistan and made illegal illegal that girls go to school.
For the next five years, I was dressed as a kid to escort my older sister that I couldn't be used outside to go to a secret school.
It was the only way we could educate them.
Every day, we would take a different route so that nobody could suspect where we were.
We had to hide the books on the market of the market so that it would look like we were shopping.
The school was in a house, more than 100 of us stuck in a small room.
It was nice in the winter, but extremely hot in summer.
We all knew that we broke our lives, the teacher, the students and our parents.
Occasionally the school was closed for a week, because the Taliban suspected the salarys.
We always wondered what they knew about us.
Were they following us?
Did you know where we live?
We were allied, but still, school was where we wanted to be.
I was very lucky to grow in a family where education was appreciated and the daughters a terrorist.
My grandfather was an extraordinary man for his time.
A total discomfort of a remote province of Afghanistan, insisted that his daughter, my mother, went out to school, and that's why his father got it.
But my mother dedicated became a teacher.
This is her.
It will go back two years ago, just to turn our home in school for girls and women in our neighborhood.
And my father, this is, was the first of his family to receive education.
There was no doubt that their children had to receive education, even their daughters, despite the warming, despite the risks.
For him, there was a greater risk in not educating his children.
Over the years of the Taliban. I remember there were moments that I was very frustrated for our life, and I was always scared and I didn't see a future.
I wanted to renter, but my father said, "Mamm, my father -- you can lose everything you have in life.
You can steal your money. You can force to leave your house during a war.
But there's one thing that will always be with you, what's here and if we have to sell our blood to pay your education, we'll do it.
So you still want not to continue?
Today I'm 22 years old.
I grew up in a country that has been destroyed by decades of war.
Less than six percent of women in my age have more than the balloon, and if my family hadn't been so committed with my education, I would be one of them.
Instead, I found myself here proud of graduating in Mristoliste College.
When I went back to Afghanistan, my grandmother was expanded from his home for the courage of educating her daughters, was one of the first ones in happiness.
He didn't just get rid of my university degree, but also I was the first woman, and I'm the first woman, I carry it by driving the streets of Kabul.
My family believed in me.
I sleep in big, but my family has even bigger dreams for me.
That's why I am the global 1950, a global campaign to educate women.
That's why I cofounded SAPARS -- the first and perhaps the only private school school in Afghanistan, a country in which it's still risky for girls going to school.
The exciting thing is that I see the students in my school with the strong desire to exploit the opportunity.
And I see their parents and his families who, like mine, they support for them, to weigh and even in front of a unpleasant opposition.
Like Aham. It's not his real name, and I can't show you his face, but Alex is the father of one of my students.
Less than a month ago, he and his daughter went on the way from STLA to his village, and literally they were accused to be killed by a bomb on the road, for minutes.
When I got to his house, they are the phone, a voice warned that if I kept sending his daughter to school, it would be trying.
"If you want to, if you will, he said, "But not give my daughter's future for his old and disappeared ideas.
What I've given you from Afghanistan, and it's something that is often forgotten in the West, is that behind most of us who we did, there's a father who recognized the value of his daughter and that sees the success of her own success.
It doesn't mean that our mothers have not been key to our success.
In fact, they often are the first compelling interests of their daughters, but in the context of a society like Afghanistan, we need the support of men.
Under the Taliban. The girls who went to school was held in hundreds -- remember, was illegal.
But today, over three million girls go to school in Afghanistan.
Afghanistan looks so different from here in America.
I find that Americans see the fraction of changes.
I fear that these changes don't last much after the rest of the U.S. troops.
But when I go back to Afghanistan, when I see students in my school and their parents who advocate for them, they encourage them, I see a funny future and a lasting change.
So to me, Afghanistan is a country of hope and capitalist possibilities and every single day of SOLL girls to me.
Like me, they dream big.
Thank you.
I've never forgotten the words of my grandmother died on the extra, "Hey, resist Gawfil. Find against him.
But you never become a Revolutionary station a Galloword Revolution."
It has spent almost two years since the liberal revolution was inspired by the tissues of massive mouse as much as the Egyptian revolution.
A force with many other library citizens, inside and out of the country to call one day of factor and start a revolution against the Arctic regime of Gallowood.
And we did it -- it was a great revolution.
Women and young young men were in the variety, demanding the fall of the regime, putting freedom, dignity and social justice.
They've shown a chance to be able to get into the brutal dictator of GDP.
They've shown a great sense of solidarity from the East East, to the west, to the south.
Finally, after a six months of brutal war and a few opportunities of about 50,000 dead, we managed to release our country and defeat the transport.
However, Gaddafi left a standard standard, a legal tool, corruption and seeds.
For four decades, the theoretical regime of GDP destroyed infrastructure, culture and moral structure of the civil society.
It's aware of the devastation and the challenges, I've been wanting a lot of other women, rebuild liberal civil society, requiring an inclusive and fair transition towards democracy and national reconciliation.
There were approximately 200 organizations in Beijing during Benjamin during the rest of Geographic -- about 300 in Typin.
After a 33 years of explosion, I went back to Libya and with a unique enthusiasm I started organizing workshops about the development of capacity, and leadership skills.
So with an incredible group of women, we founded the Library of Liberia Library by peace, a movement of women, a very diverse world, to advocate for the political autonomy of the woman and for our equal participation right in building democracy and peace.
I found a very difficult environment in the president period -- an environment that was increasingly pollenable, which is moving from the political support policies and exclusion.
Over time, our initiative was approved and successful.
Women won an 1950s of the National Congress in the first elections in 52 years.
But nonetheless, the subject of elections and revolution as a whole, was disappearing, every day we found news for violence.
So one day we wake up with the news of the old mosques and tested metal spinals.
Another day he loved with the news of the American ambassador and the control of the consumer.
Another day we wake up with the news of the ocean officers of the army.
And every day, every day we go down with the government of the mountains and their continued revenues of human rights and their lack of respect of the law.
Our society, made by a revolutionary mindset, will be Wolfram more, and has gone away from the ideals and principles of freedom, dignity, social justice, that we had at the beginning.
The intolerance, the exception and the gender became the icons of the revolution.
I'm not here today at all to inspire you with our history of the success of "control Listenic."
All right, I'm here today to think that we, as a nation, we make the wrong decision.
We don't prioritize well.
Because elections didn't bring peace and stability and security.
Is it the creative list and the alternative between candidates and candidates brought peace and national reconciliation?
No, they didn't do it.
What happened then?
Why our society is still polarized and funded with policy selfish policies and exclusion, both by men like women?
Perhaps what was missing were not just women, but the female values of compassion, mercy and includinary.
Our society needs the national dialogue and the creation of consensus more than it needed the election, which only gave the polarization and the divide.
Our nation needs the quantum representation of the female female to need the language and quantitative representation of it.
We need to stop acting as agents of engineering and calling days of anger.
We need to start acting as agents of compassion and microscope.
We have to develop a female speech, which is not just store, but also put the mystery in practice instead of the vanish, the collaboration instead of competition, the inclusion instead of exclusion.
These are the ideals that a Libya, shattered by war, desperately needs to get peace.
Because the peace has an angle that tries to interact and the alternative between female perspectives and male perspectives.
That's the real conflict.
We need to establish that in an existential way before doing it as a political way.
According to the Korean Mall Velver, it's the word of the God -- "Reduction, compassion: compassion."
At the same time, the word "donation: which is known in all of the adorch traditions, it has the same root in Arabic than the word "Ambass: similarity how female and material, which is going to all the humanity that men and women, which all tribes and all the people have won.
And so, just like the third is completely covered, that grows inside the divine matrix of nuclear compassion all of us.
This is what we're like, "My medical work all the stuff.
This is what we are like, "My mercy.
That all of them are given to the thanks of microbial.
Thank you.
I'm here today to talk to you about an original question, which has an equally incharter response.
Is it about the secrets of domestic violence, and the question I'm going to address is the one that everybody is going to do?"
Why would someone get to stay with a man who pays it to you?
I'm not a psychologist, no social worker, no expert in domestic violence.
I'm just a woman with a story to tell.
I was 22 years old. I just found me at University of Harvard.
I had moved to New York for my first work as a writer and editor in the Secretary Reversate.
I had my first apartment, my first Green Army Army Task, and I had a very big secret.
My secret was that many, many times, the man, who I believed my twin soul -- I asked her head with a pill, carried up with string bullets.
The man, I loved more than anyone in this world, put a drop in my head and threatens to kill me more times than I can remember.
I'm here to tell you the story of "local love," a psychological trap -- the life transported, where every year millions of women, and even some men.
It could be his story.
I don't look like a typical survivor of domestic violence.
I am learned in English at Harvard University and I have an MBA in Martin Business Salam.
I've spent most of my career working for the company of the "Latin 500,000 "Lation Battery -- between them Johnson & Johnson, Leo Burger and the Washington Pathorn.
I take it almost 20 years married with my second husband and we have three children.
My dog is a black show, and I drove an Hong Obama.
So my first message for you is that domestic violence can happen to anyone, all races, all of the religions, all the levels of recent and education.
It's everywhere.
And my second message is that everybody thinks that domestic violence happens to women, which is a problem of women.
Not exactly.
Over 85 percent of the marriages are men, and the domestic abuse only happens in intimate relationships, remembering and long duration or, in a way in the families, the last place in the families, the last place where we want to find violence, which is why the domestic abuse is so distant.
I would have told you that it would be the last person in the world who would be left with a man who stood up with a man who was going on, and I was actually a very typical victim because of my age.
I was 22 years old, and in the United States, women in between 16 and 24 years old have three times more likely to be victims of domestic violence than the other ages, and over 500 women and girls of that age are killed every year by couples and voices and sea husband in the United States.
I was also a typical victim because I didn't know anything about domestic violence, his warning signs or their patterns.
I met Congo in a cold and rain night of January.
He was sitting on my side in the New York subway and started to close with me.
He told me two things.
The first one was that he had also led from an Aid Lady University and I worked in a very important bank of Wall Street.
But the thing that struck me on that first encounter was that it was ready and fun, and that it looked like a girl in the field.
He had a big bit like apples and a boundary boundary hair, and it seemed so sweet.
One of the smartest things I did Congo, from the beginning, was to create the illusion that I was the dominant component of the mate.
He did it all over the first time putting me on a peace.
We started coming out, and he loved everything of me: that I was ready, that I had gone to Harvard, which he was passionate about helping young girls, and my work.
I wanted to know everything about my family, my childhood, my dreams and illusions.
Congole believed in me, as a writer and as a woman, as nobody had done it.
And it was why the liberation in that prestigious school and the work on Wall Street and his bright future had so much important for him.
I didn't know that the first phase in any domestic violence relationship is to stay and measure the victim.
And I didn't know that the second step is to install.
Now, the last thing I wanted to do was I would go from New York City and leave my dreams, but I thought I had to make sacrifices for your partner, so I accepted, left my job and Congo and I went together in Manhattan together.
I had no idea I was falling on a lot of low love," who was entering head in a physical trap and financial and previous presidential psychological trap.
The next step in the pattern of domestic violence is to introduce the threat of violence to see how it reacts to.
And this is where they go into scene that stores.
As soon as we moved to New England you already know, that site where Congo was supposed to feel so safe was bought by three pictures.
One was in the guide of the car.
Another one would love it underneath the pillow in our bed and the third always in his pocket.
And he said I needed those little bits because of the trauma that I lived from small.
I needed them to feel safe.
But those rooms were actually a message for me, and although I had never raised my hand, my life was in a danger -- every minute of every day.
The first physical attack of Congress happened five days before our wedding.
It was seven in the morning and I still had the foot.
Five days later, when the 10 monkeys of my neck had disappeared, I put my mother's girlfriend and I got married with him.
Despite what had happened, I was sure that we would live happy forever, because I loved him and he also wanted me so much.
And it was very, very registered.
It simply had been very overwhelmed by the wedding and the fact that I form a family with me.
I had been an isolated accident.
I spent two times more in our skin moon.
The first time I was driving up to a secret beach, and I lost me, and he gave me so strong in the head that he returned several times against the car window.
And then, a couple of days later, driving back from our honey moon, he was grabbed by the traffic and threw me a Big Mac cold into the face.
And he kept doing a couple of times a week for the next two and a half years of our marriage.
I was wrong when I thought it was the only one in this situation.
One of the three American women is victims of domestic violence or an exhibition at some point in his life, and the Disease Control Center reported that every year 15 million children are married, 15 million.
So actually, it had very good company.
Going back to my question: Why did I left?
The answer is simple.
I didn't know that he was abusing me.
At the contrary, I was a very strong woman, in love with a deeply amazing man, and it was the only person in the world who could help Congo to face her demographics.
The other question that everyone does is, why don't you simply get the right?
Why did I not me? I could have gone at any time.
To me, this is the saddest and painful question that people do, because we, the victims, we know something that you normally ignore.
Because the last phase in the domestic violence pattern is to kill it.
More than 70 percent of the murder in cases of domestic violence will happen after the victim there has come to the relationship, after said, because the abuse has nothing to lose.
Other reports include the permanent acceptance, even after the abuse of abuse has come back to married, and the denial of financial resources, and they map the family justice system to serve victims and their children, which are usually forced by the judges to spend time without the man who was beating their mother.
And yet we kept asking why it simply isn't going?
I was able to go to me, and I was able to go out of one last prison play that my denial.
I realized that the man who loved so much, I would have killed me if I had allowed it.
So I broke the silence.
I told everyone the world: to the police, my neighbors, my friends and family, to complete unknown, and I'm here today because you all helped me.
We have the tendency to challenge victims as special headlines, sustainable women, damaged women.
The question, "Why are you going on?
For some people is a way to say, "The fault is all about staying -- as if the victims will immediately choose to fall in love with men who want to destroy us.
But since I published "Love Love." I've heard hundreds of stories of men and women who were also estimated, who learned an amazing lesson from what happened to them and their lives and their lives of life and happy lives like employees, spirits and mothers lives completely free of violence, like mine.
Because it turns out that I'm actually a victim and a survival of very typical domestic violence.
I got married with a snow man and I have those three children.
I have that black blood, and also that minimize.
What will never be going back to having a little bit of a card pointing up to my head in the hands of somebody who says he wants me.
At this time, you're like, "Hey, that's fascinating, or "Holl, what so dumb it was, but all this time I've actually been talking about you.
I assure you that there are a few people, the ones that are listening to me right now, who are being caught or that they were simple or who are abuse themselves.
The marriage could be affecting his daughter, his sister, his best friend right now.
I was able to put the end of my little particular love by breaking the silence.
And I keep doing this today.
It's my way to help other victims, and it's my last request towards you.
Talk about what you've heard here.
The abuse is just in silence.
They have the power of acting with domestic violence just throwing light on it.
The victims we need around the world.
We need each of you to understand the secrets of domestic violence.
Take a step up to light talking about it with their children, their own work, their friends and family.
They play their view of survivors as fantastic and lovely people who have a full future.
They recognize the early signs of violence to be able to put up their scale and show the victims a safe output.
Together, we can turn our beds, our tables and our families in the safe and peaceful oasis that should be.
Thank you.
Hi. I call me Cameron Russell, and for a while, I'm a model.
To be precise, for 10 years ago.
And I feel that at this moment, there's an uncomfortable tension in the room because it shouldn't have dressed up like that.  Luckily, I've brought clothes to change.
This is the first cartoon shift on a TED stage, so you have a lot of fortune to present it, I think.
If some of the women were horrified when it came from, they don't have to tell me now, but I will find it later on Twitter.
I also want to point out that I have the privilege of being able to change what they think about me in just 10 seconds.
Not everybody has that opportunity.
These states are very uncomfortable -- less than I don't have to use them.
The worst part is going to be going through the head, because it's when you're going to look at me, so you don't do anything while I cover your head.
All right.
Why have I done this?
It's been embarrassing.
Well, I hope not as much as this picture.
The appearance is powerful, but also surface.
I've completely changed what they thought about me in six seconds.
And in this picture, I never had a girlfriend in real life.
I was totally uncomfortable and the photographer said to me that I would pull up the back and take the hair of the child.
Of course, except with surgery or an artificial record like the one that I made two days ago for the work, there is very little that we can do to transform our looks, which, even though survival and intrinsically, has a huge impact in our lives.
So today, for me, being brave means being honest.
I'm on this stage, because I'm a model.
Because I'm a nice and white woman, and in my workforce, that's being a sexy girl.
I'm going to answer the questions that people are always doing me, but simply singing.
The first question is, how does it become a model?
And I always say, "A saltwater discovered me, but that doesn't mean anything.
The real reason I became a model is because I won the genetic lottery. And I'm the benefit of a heritage, and maybe you're wondering what this heritage is.
Well, in the last few centuries, we have not only defined beauty as health, youth and symmetry, which we are biologically programmed to admire -- we also associate it to a high and blue figure and a white skin.
And that's my inheritance.
And I know that there are people in the audience who now show you especially, and maybe there are some birds in the fashion that they say, "Well, wait, there you are Naomi -- Turkey, Joan Sams, Lind West.
First of all, the happiness for knowing so much of models. It's amazing.
But I usually have to report that in 2007, a Ph.D. student at the University of New York told all of them and each of the models in the past, and from the 777 models, just 27 -- that is, less than four percent, they were not white.
The next question that people always ask me is, could it be model when you get up?"
And my first answer is: I don't know, I don't know about that.
But then what I'd really give you to every one of these girls is, why? You can be what you want.
You can be president of the United States, or the inventor of the next Internet, or a cardiologist night and polio, which would be amazing, because you would be the first one.
If after this spectacular list, they still insist -- no, no, Cameron, I want to be a model, then I say, "I know my bone.
Because I am not in charge of anything, and you could be the head of recording American magazine or the executive director of HIV, or the next Steven Mentic.
To say that if you want to be a model is like saying they want to win the lottery.
It's out of your control, it's amazing, and it's not a work you can choose to.
I'm going to show you all that I learned in 10 years as a model, because unlike everyday surgery, it can be summed up right now.
I don't know what happened there.
Unfortunately, once you've done your studies, and you have a curriculum and some work to your back, no matter what you say, if you said you want to be president from the United States, but your curator said, model of inner clothes for 10 years, people would look at you.
The next question that people always do is if all the pictures are standing up.
And yes, practically you take all the pictures, but that's just a small part of what happens.
This was the first picture to me, and also the first time I used a bicycle, and I didn't even have my period.
I know we're entering the personal land, but it was a child.
And so I went in my grandmother next to my grandmother a few months before.
These two pictures are the same day.
My friend came with me.
Here I'm in a couple of days before the pictures for the French vote.
Here I am with my football team and in the magazine.
And this is me in today.
And I hope you realize that I'm not in those photos.
They are a group of a group of professionals, populations, maps and photographers and stations, and all of their aid aid and people of clothing and programming, and they make this thing. That's not me.
Well, the next question that people always ask me is, "Do you get free things?
I have too much subset of 20 inches and I never use, except the previous day, but the privilege that I get in the real life, and that we don't like to talk about.
I grew up in Cambridge, and once I went to a shop and I forgot to get money, and they gave me the free free.
When I was a teenager, I was traveling with my friend who was a little bit of condition, and he jumped a seed in red, and of course, they stopped us, and I just sat down, agent to be able to go on.
I enjoy these privilege for me, not because of what I am. And there are people who are paying a price for their way no matter who they are.
I live in New York, and last year, from the 140,000 teenagers that I stood up and recorded -- 86 percent were black and landscape, and most of them were young men.
And there are only 77,000 black and Latino young people in New York, so for that, it's not a question of me?
But how many times are I going to go? And when.
When I looked at this talk, I found out that at 37 percent of the age of 13 in the United States don't like their body, and that figure is raised to 78 percent at 17.
So the last question that people ask me is: How is the life of a model?
And I think the answer you expect is, if you're a little bit more silk and you have the brightest hair, you feel very happy and surprised.
And behind the cameras, we give an answer that maybe it looks like.
We said, "It's really wonderful to travel, and also incredible power to work with creative people, engineering and passionate people.
And all of that is true, but it's just a part of what happens, because what we never say in front of the cameras -- what I have never said in front of them, is: I'm inspired.
I am because I have to worry about my way every day.
And if you ever ask yourself, with a few more thin legs and the most brilliant hair, will you be happy?
They just have to come up with a group of models, because they have the most thin legs -- the most brilliant hair and the more to the mountain, but probably it will be the most physically more inspirational women on the planet.
But most of all, it was hard to look at a situation of race and gender oppression when I am one of the greatest benefits.
If there is something that will come out of this talk, I hope everyone feels more comfortable by recognizing the power of the image in the perception that we have about success and failure.
Thank you.
The photograph has been my passion since I was the biggest enough to overcome a camera, but I want to share with you my 15 most precious pictures, and I wasn't me who owns them.
There was no artistic directors, and no stations, no opportunity to repeat the photos, and even a minimum care in the electronics.
In fact, most of them would take them back tops.
My story begins with me, finding me in New York City to give a power, my wife took me this picture to my daughter in the day of his first birthday -- that's the corner of five and the five.
I gave the chance that we went back to New York just a year later, so we decided to get the same picture.
Well, you can imagine what comes now.
When you approached the third birthday of my daughter, my wife told me, why don't you take you to Soning to New York on a decreased journey and continue the ritual.
This is when we started to ask the tourists that were going to take the picture.
It's surprising that the gesture of delivering camera to a complete unknown is so universal.
No no one has been denied and fortunately, never ever had no one has been done with the camera.
So we weren't aware of how much we would change this journey.
It became a sacred thing for us.
This picture is a few weeks after 9/11, and I had to explain to my daughter what had happened that day that a five-year-old girl could understand it.
These pictures are much more than a concrete moment or a specific journey.
They are also a way of stopping time in a week of October and to make us think about our time and our evolution over the years, and not only at the physical level, but in all the senses.
Because, even though we always take the same picture, our perspective changes, my daughter reached new sizes, and I can see life through his eyes and how it belongs and interact with everything.
That time in concrete that we spend together is something we expect to illustrate all year.
Recently, in one of the trips we were walking on one of the trips, when I suddenly stopped and pointed out a red portrait of the wrist store that I love in the previous view.
And he described to me what had felt at the age of five years in that same place.
I said that he remembered his heart to be able to be able to see that place for the first time nine years ago.
And now what you see in New York are universities because it's decided to study in New York.
And suddenly I understood that one of the most important things we created is the memories.
So I want to share the idea of actively engaging in creating conscious memories.
I don't know -- but apart from these 15 pictures, I don't go out in many of the family pictures.
I am always the picture.
Today I want to encourage you to all appear in the picture, and they didn't doubt to go into someone and ask them, "Do we get a picture?
Thank you.
I'd like to talk to you about a very special group of animals.
There are 10,000 species of birds in the world.
The bubbles are in the most threatened bird group.
First of all, why are they so bad the professional?
It has also been associated with Disney laughter single senses as mental characters, tons, stupid.
More recently, if you've been following laughter, rainforests and cars these are the attributes that are associated with Kenyan Parliament. But I don't accept it.
I don't accept it. You know why?
Because the members of the Parliament don't keep clean in the environment.  The paradox doesn't help prevent the spread of disease.
They are divided --        And my favorite, the bombs have better presence.   There are two types of bubbles on this planet.
There are the Bureau of New World who are mainly found in the Americas, like the cells and the cards and the old World Buys, where we have 16 species -- from these 16, 11, front a high risk of extinction.
So, why are the bubbles important? First of all, provide vital ecological services, Limbard.
It's our natural garbage collections.
They wipe the pigs to the bone.
They help kill all the bacteria. They help to absorb the stream that is not going to be extended and causing large loss of livestock and diseases in other animals.
Recent studies have shown that in areas where there are no bush, the carcasses take about three to four times more time in prepared, and this has huge radios in the spread of disease.
The bubbles also have huge historical importance.
They've been associated with ancient Egyptian culture.
But British was the symbol of the protection and the material, and together with the cooking, they would monitor the unit between the Allan and the Earth English.
In the Indian microflue, Jacking was the god food, and he risked his life to save the design of the 10 heads of the Demen Hans.
In the Tibetan culture, they do a lot of important things buried into open sky -- in places like Tibet -- there's nowhere to bury the dead, or a wood to get them, so these bubbles provide a natural disposal system.
What is the problem with the foot?
We have eight species of banks in Kenya, which six of them are in extreme threatened extinction.
The reason is that they're being communicated, and the reason they're being poisoned is because there are conflicts between humans and face. Passenger communities use this poison against predators, and as a consequence, the bubbles are victims of this.
In South Asia, in countries like India and Pakistan, four species of women are on the critical list of extinction, which means that in less than 10 or 15 years will be extinct, and the reason is because they fall prey from livestock that has been treated with an analog drug like the DNA.
This drug has been banned for veterinary use in India, and they've taken a position.
Since there are no bubbles, there's been a spread in the number of street dogs in cardiovascular cards, and when you have street dogs, you have a huge bomb of time for radio. The number of cases of rage has increased in India.
Kenya is going to have one of the greatest wind parks in Africa, 385 the conflicts are going to be above the Turkey lake.
I'm not against the wind energy, but we have to work with governments, because wind turbines do this to birds. They cut them in half.
They're a bird sharks.
In Western Africa, there's a horrible commercial trade trade to serve the orbit and the faith market.
So what is it doing? Well, we're looking at these birds. We're getting transportations.
We're trying to determine their basic ecology and see where they go.
We can see that they travel through different countries, so that will focus on a problem is not going to be any of anything.
We have to work with governments in the regional levels.
We're working with local communities.
We're talking to them about appreciating the bubbles, on the need to appreciate these wonderful creatures and services that provide.
How can you help? It can become active and make noise, you can write a letter to your government and tell them we have to focus on these very unconditional creatures -- give them their time to spread the word. Divide the word.
When it comes out of this room, they were informed about the bubbles, but they hold their families, with their children, with their neighbors on the bubbles.
These are very elegant, Charles Darwin said that he changed it to fly without effort, without spending energy in the heavens.
Kenya, this world, will be much more poor without these wonderful species.
Thank you very much.
Every single thing I do and all I do is -- my life has been shaped for seven years of work during my youth in Africa.
Since 1973, until 1973, I am not --  I am no longer --  I worked in Zambar, Kenya, Coral Costa, Arabic and Somalia -- in projects of technical cooperation with African countries.
I worked for an Italian NGO and every project that we set up in Africa failed.
And I was delivered.
I thought, at the age of 21, that Italians were good people, and we were doing good work in Africa.
Instead, all we had to do is we would take it up.
Our first project, which inspired my first book, "Angeles from Brazil," was a project where some of the Italians we decided to teach people in Zambarian to grow food.
So we got to Italian seeds to the south of Zarbia to this absolutely magnificent valley that goes down to the Zambia River, and we teach local people to grow Italian tomatoes and horrible, and ...
Of course, people weren't interested in doing that, so we paid them to come to work, and sometimes they didn't listen.  We were astonished that the local people, in so fragile valley, had no agriculture.
However, instead of asking them how it could be that they didn't grow anything, we just said, "Thank God that we are here."  Right in time to save people from Zambia of Famous."
And of course, everything in Africa is very great.
We got these magnificent shots -- in Italy, a task would get this size -- in Zambia, to this size.
And we couldn't believe it, we were saying to the empty, "Look how easy the agriculture is.
When the shots were based, wood and red, at night at night at the morning, about 200 we had gone from the river and ate everything.  And we said, "Oh my God, we have them."
And the changes said, "Yes, that's why we don't have a agriculture here --  "Why did you not say, "You never asked.
I thought only the Italians we ate errors in Africa, but then, I saw what Americans, what the English did, what the French did, and after seeing what they were doing, I felt pretty proud of our project in Zambia.
Because, as you can see, at least we feed we fire.
You should see the reports --  You should see the waste that we give them to the people in Africa.
He wants to read a book, read "Audience Death from Namison Most, empathy economy.
The book was published in 2009.
We, the Western donor countries, we've delivered the African continent two million dollars in the last 50 years.
I'm not going to tell you about the damage that the money has happened.
Just read your book.
Take a part of an African woman, the damage we've done.
We are incredibly important, colonization missions, and we treat people only in two things: or the patients or we are patients.
The two words come from the Latin Palestinian root that means parent."
But they mean two different things.
Particular, I try to do any of a different culture like my children -- "I want a lot of it."
Patriarchy, I try to all of a different culture as if they were my services.
So the babies in Africa are called "Wolfrum: you know.
That book gave me a slap in the face -- "The little is beautiful," written by Schmiron, who said about all economic development, if people don't want to be help, teenagers alone.
This should be the first principle of aid.
The first principle of help is breathing.
This morning, the gentleman who opened this conference put a stick on the floor and said, can you imagine a city that's not a babyical?
I decided at the age of 27, only to respond to the people, and I invented a system called Company Facilitation where you never started any of you, you never motivate anyone, but it becomes a service of local passion, the diversity of local people who have the dream of becoming a better person.
So what do you do? It's street.
It also comes to a community with an idea, and it feels with the people in the local.
We don't work from the offices.
We met in a coffee coffee. We met in a bar.
We have zero infrastructure.
And what do we do? We become friends, and we figure out what the person wants to do.
The most important thing is passion.
You can give you an idea to anybody.
If that person doesn't want to do that, what will you do?
The passion that she has for his own growth is the most important thing.
The passion that man has for its own personal growth is the most important thing.
And then we help them find the knowledge because nobody in the world can succeed alone.
The person with the idea may not have knowledge but knowledge is available.
So years and years ago, I had this idea: Why not us, for once instead of getting to a community to tell people what to do, why not, for once, are we listening to them?
Let me tell you a secret.
There's a problem with community meetings.
The entrepreneurs have never been, and they will still tell you, in a public meeting, what they want to do with their own money, what opportunities have identified.
So, planning has this blind point.
The smartest people in their community, you don't even know them, because they don't attend their public meetings.
What do we do? We work one to one, and we work face-to-face and you have to create a social infrastructure, which doesn't exist.
You have to create a new profession.
The profession is the family of family family, the business physician of the business -- which is set up with you in your house, at the table of your kitchen, in the coffee, and that helps you find the resources to transform their passion in a way to make a living.
I started this as a test in Permand, the city of West Australia.
I was doing a Ph.D. at that time, trying to get away from this convenient junk where we get to tell you what to do.
In one year, I had 27 projects, and the government came to me to say, "How can you do that?
How can you do that? And I said, "I did something very, very, very difficult.
I got out and listened to me, and I heard you:  So the government says, "And "say "The Gallery again:  We've done it in 300 communities in the world.
We have helped to start 40,000 business.
There is a new generation of entrepreneurs that are dying of loneliness, right?
Peter Drug, one of the most great entrepreneurs of the story, passed the 96 years ago.
Peter Cruisely was a teacher of philosophy before I got involved in business, and this is what Peter Cruck says -- "The planning is actually incompatible with a society and an innovative company economy."
planning is the kiss of the death of the business spirit.
So now you have Revolution recovering Christian without knowing what the most unusual people in Christian want to do with their own money and their own energy.
You have to learn how to get these people to be conversation with you.
You have to give them confidence, privacy, you have to be great when you help them, and then they will come up in mass.
In a community of 10,000 people, we got 200 customers.
Can you imagine a 400,000 people, intelligence and passion.
What do you present to you this morning.
Passionate local people. That's what you have clapping.
So, what I'm telling you is that the entrepreneurial spirit is where it is.
We are at the end of the first industrial revolution, and not renewables, manufacturing -- and from one point to another, we have systems that are not sustainable.
The internal combustion engine is not sustainable.
The train as a way of holding machines is not sustainable.
What we have to consider is how we nurture -- we cure, we educated, we transport to seven billion people, in a sustainable way.
There are no technologies to do that.
Who is going to invent the technology for the green revolution -- the universities and the universities?
Government government? Forget it.
It will be the entrepreneurs and they're doing it now.
There's a terrible story that I read in a future magazine a lot of years ago.
There were a group of experts that were invited to debate the future of New York City in the 1880s.
And in the year 1980s, this group of people, and they set up to what would happen to the city of New York City in 100 years, and the conclusion was united: New York City was not going to be in 100 years.
Why? Because they were looking at the curve, and they pointed out, if the population is kept growing up to this rate -- to bring to the population of New York City to the arrays, they would require six million horses and the manure produced by six million horses that would be impossible to do.
They were already swimming on the transportation.  So in 1868, they were looking at this kind of technology that will open up New York City.
So what happens? In the next 40 years, in 1900, in the United States appeared 100 automatic manufacturing companies, 100.
The idea of finding a different technology was absolutely absorbed and there were very few -- scared, factories in apartment places.
Broad, Michael, Henry Ford Ford.
However, there's a secret to work with entrepreneurs.
First, you have to give them training.
In a other way, you won't see you with you.
Then, you have to offer them an absolute thing, dedicated entrepreneurship.
And finally, you will have to tell you the truth with respect to it.
The smallest company, the biggest company, has to be able to make three major things, the product that you want to sell has to be fantastic, you have to count with a fantastic shift, and you have to count with a great financial administration.
You know what?
We've never met a single human being in the world that can do, sell and look for money alone.
There is no exist.
This hasn't still been born.
We have research and looked at the 100 icons of the Carnegie world, Western, Edin, Ford all the new companies, Google, Hans.
There is only one thing that all successful companies in the world have in common, just one: No one was starting by one person.
Just the word "I mean, but the word "Well," 32 times.
He wasn't just when he started.
Nobody begins a company alone.
So we can create the community where we have facilitators, who come from a small business environment sitting in charges, in bars alongside their dedicated deceptions who will do for you, what someone did for this gentleman who talks about this episode -- I need to ask you, what do you need?
What can you do? Can you do it?
Well, can you sell it? Can you look for the money?
"Oh, no, I can't do that." "Would I want you to look for somebody to look for somebody else?
We activate communities.
Thank you.
Those people who surround us can help us improve our lives.
We don't know all the neighbors, so we don't exchange a lot of knowledge in spite of sharing the same public spaces.
In the last few years, I've tried to share more with my neighbors in public space, with simple tools like automatics, anchors and chalk.
These projects came out of questions like, how much pay my neighbors for their apartments?
How can we pay and ask more things without calling the door in a bad moment?
How do we share more memories of our abandoned buildings and understand better understanding our landscape.
How do we share our hopes from the empty shops so that our communities can reflect our needs and designs?
I live in New Orleans and I'm in love with New Orleans.
My soul always finds relief with the giant releases that give some borders, drunk and supernoval for centuries and trust in a city.
And there's a show in New Orleans.  The city has one of the world's most beautiful architects in the world, but also one with the largest number of U.S.
I live near this house, and I thought I would turn it into a more pleasant space for the neighborhood and also in something that changed my life forever.
In 2009, I lost someone who loved a lot.
I was Joan, like a mother for me.
His death was suddenly and unexpected.
I thought a lot about death.
And this led me to a profound gratitude for the time and the life of time.
It was clarity to the meaningful things of my life today.
But I believe for keeping this look in my everyday life.
It seems to me that it's easy to let me go through the day a day and forget the really important thing for you.
So with the help of old friends and new friends of mine transformed the wall of this house abandoned in a giant board, and he painted about her phrases to come up." Before I die.
So the trains could take a choice, reflect on their lives and share personal aspirations in public space.
I didn't know what to expect from this experiment, but the next day the wall was full and kept covering it.
And I'd like to share some things that people wrote on the wall.
Before you die I want to be a piece of prisoner."  Before I died, I want to sit on the line of "flash?
Before I die, I want to sing for millions of people.
Before I die I want to plant a tree.
Before I die I want to live outside the network."
Before I die I want to hug you once once more."
Before I die, I want to go to somebody's rescue.
Before I died, I want to be completely myself."
This abandoned space became constructive and the dreams and the hopes of people made me laugh to carefully, they woke up, and they gave me the comfort in hard times.
It's about knowing that one is not alone. It's about understanding our neighbors in new ways and spectrums, and it's about giving birth to reflection and context, and to remember what is most important for us as we grow up and we change.
This happened last year, and I started getting hundreds of messages from passionate people who wanted to make a wall in their community.
So with my colleagues in the civic center, we made a kit and now have been done in countries around the world, like Kamara, South Africa, Australia, Argentina and beyond.
And together we show the power of our public spaces if they give us the chance to express and share each other.
Two of the most valuable things we have is time and our relationships with other people.
In our age of disappearing, it's more important than ever, finding ways to preserve the perspective and remember that life is brief.
Death is something that we often have to talk about, or even think, but I understood that we prepare for death is one of those things that make us more power.
Think about the classic death our life.
Our shared spaces can reflect better what it matters to us as individuals and as a community and more means to share hope, fears and stories, people around us not only can help improve places, can help improve our lives.
Thank you.
Thank you.
I have a single request today.
Please don't tell me that I'm normal.
I'd like to introduce you to my sisters.
She's 22 years old, it's high and very hot.
It doesn't talk, but they carry better joy than some of the best speakers.
Rome knows what love is.
It's going to be able to be unsurering what happens.
It's not completely. It doesn't look at the color of the skin.
They don't care about religious differences and look at this, never mentioned.
When I sing songs of our childhood, I tried to propose words that I couldn't even even get to me, remember one thing: how little we know about the mind and how wonderful it should be the unknown.
Samuel has 16 years old. It's high. It's very hot.
It puts the most impossible memory.
However, it's a selective memory.
I don't remember if I stole my chocolate, but I remember the year when I came out of the song of my iPod -- conversations that we kept when I was four years old, I was on my arm during the first episode of the Tulus Elizabeths and the birthday of Lady Gando.
Does it not seem amazing?
But most people don't agree.
And in fact, because your minds don't adjust to the notion of the normal society, they're often ignored and unconscious.
But what I did to my heart and then landed my soul was that even if that was the case, even though they didn't consider them within the ordinary thing, that could only mean one thing: that they were extraordinary and extraordinary.
Now, for those less familiar with the term same, it's a complex brain disorder that affects social communication, learning and sometimes physical skills.
In every individual individual is a different way, from there that Revel is so different from Sam.
And all over the world, every 20 minutes, a new case of autism, and even though it's one of the disorders of development that goes faster in the world, there is no cause of cure.
I don't remember my first encounter with autism, but I don't remember a single day without him.
I was just three years old when my brother came to the world, and I was very excited to have a new self in my life.
When a few months, I realized that he was different.
I was shouting a lot.
I didn't want to play like the other babies and in fact, it didn't seem very interested in me at all.
It was lived and he was held in his own world, with his own rules, and I found pleasure in the smallest things, like putting the cars around the road, looking at the washing and eating anything that would have between the media.
As it grew, it became more different, and the differences were made more evidence.
But beyond the barbers, frustration and international happiness, there was something really unique -- a pure nature and innocent nature, a boy who was looking at the world without a reporting world, a human being never mentioned.
Extraordinary.
I can't deny that there have been some hard moments in my family, times that I would have designed that they were just like me.
But I look at the things that have taught me about individuality, communication and love, and I realize that they are things that would not want to change for normal.
The normal, the beauty of the beauty that gives us the differences and the fact of being different doesn't mean that any one is wrong.
It just means that there's a different view of what's right.
If I could transmit one thing to River and Sam and you would be that they don't have to be normal.
They can be extraordinary.
Because autistic or not the differences we have, they're a gay, each one of us has a gift in their inner and, honestly, the search for normal is the last sacrifice of the potential.
The opportunity to scale, progress and change in the time in which we try to be like others.
Please don't tell me I'm normal.
Thank you.
Five years ago, I experienced a little bit that must have been Alice in the Rampan country.
Penn State asked me, a communications professor, who gave me a kind of communication to student students.
I was scared.  Really Useas -- scared of these students with his great minds, their big books and their great books and their great words.
But by developing those conversation, I felt what Alice must have felt when he fell through the colony of the control and saw the door of a new world.
And so I just felt when I had these conversations with the students -- I was surprised the ideas they had, and I wanted others to experience this wonderful world.
And I think the key to opening that door is a great communication.
We need a huge communication of our scientists and engineers to change the world.
Our scientists and engineers are the ones that are attacking our biggest challenges from energy to the environment and care of health, among others, and if we don't know about this, we don't understand this, and I think it's our responsibility as not scientists to have these interactions.
But these big conversations can't happen whether our scientists and engineers don't invite us to see their wonderful world.
So scientists and engineers, please.
I want to share some suggestions about how you can do it to make sure that we can see that their science is sexy and their engineering is attractive.
First question to answer me, and then what?
Let's tell why science is relevant to us.
They don't tell us simply to study the circuits, but they study the crowds, which are the mesh structure of our bones because it's important to understand and treat anthropology.
And when you're describing your science, care with the border.
The gap is a obstacle for our understanding of their ideas.
Sure, you can say space and temporal, but why don't I say space and time?
The access is not the same thing to make them tiny.
Instead, as Einstein said that everything is as simple as possible, but not simple.
You can communicate their science without compromise the ideas.
Something to consider is to use examples and stories and analogy. These are ways to expand and entrance with their content.
And when you present their work, forget from the signals of balance."
Have you wondered why they call the balances batteries:  What do the bad do the balance? The balls kill and kill their presentation.
A film like this is not only boring, but that is supported too much in the area of the language of our brain and it opens us.
Instead, this film of example of General Brown is much more effective, shows that the special structure of the tribes is so strong that I really inspired the unique design of the Eiffel Tower design.
The trick here is to use a simple sentence, legitimate, that the public can understand if you lose a little bit, and then provide graphics that apply to our other senses and create a deeper sense of understanding of what is described to.
I think these are just some key key people that can help us open the door and see the country of the wonders that are science and engineering.
And so scientists, scientists and engineers, when you solved this equation, all over the media -- thank you.
One of my favorite words of all of English English Dickinsents is Bonicane."
Just because it sounds pretty well.
And Sonian means "plant politics."
Even though there was a 19th century newspaper editor, I defined it a lot better when he said, "A United Nations is that looking for a public charge without a particular matter, platform or beginning, and that when I win, I get it through the mere use of a computer version version."
I have no idea what it means "the mathematics."
Something about words, I guess.
It's very important that words are the basis in politics, and that all politicians know you have to try to dominate the language.
It wasn't until for example, 1777 that the British Parliament allowed newspapers to quote the exact words that were said in the parliament camera.
And all of this was because of the brave of a guy with the name of Brazil Crow, who was confronted with the Parliament.
They took him on the London Tower and they were scaled, but he had enough courage to face them, and at the end he had a popular support in London that I win.
And only a few years later, we had the first use of the phrase like "that baseball as the metal.
Most of them think it's literature.
It's not. It's by a advocate of expression of expression.
But to really show you how words and politics interact, I want you to go back to the United States, just after independence.
So, they had to address the question of how to call George Washington, his leader.
They didn't know.
How do you call the leader of a Republican country?
This was taken in Congress for a long time.
All kinds of suggestions were presented that might have frustrated.
Some of them wanted to call this "At the "Age German Water Washington, and other Developing Andes Liberto Deserts."
Not very attacking.
Some just wanted to call it "Jean."
They thought it was a quality of quality.
And not even with that they were munned, they had the idea that you could be elected King for a certain term.
And I could have service.
Everybody gets immensely tired, because this debate was made for three weeks.
I read the newspaper of a poor sender, and I always wrote, "I'm still with this subject."
What caused the break and the way it was that the House of Representatives were against the Senate.
The House of Representatives didn't want Washington to be able to be power.
They didn't want to call him Kie for him or his own ideas.
So they wanted to give you the most modest and more important and more landmarkey thing that came up with.
And that title was President."
They didn't invent the title -- it was before, but it just meant someone who presents a meeting."
It was like the president of a carbon.
And I didn't have much bigger than the term "sale" or superconductor."
There were evolved presidents of little colonial and government subsidies, but it was really an insight title.
And so the Senate is operated.
They said, "It's ridiculous. We can't call it "President:
This guy has to sign treated and bring out of foreign digitalists."
"And who will take serious with a signal as ridiculous as American President?
And finally, after three weeks of debate, the Senate didn't get over.
We can learn three interesting things about all this.
First of all, and this is my favorite so far where I have been able to figure out, the Senate has never been reflected by the title of President.
President Barack Obama is lucky enough to stay there, waiting for the Senate in action.
The second thing that we can learn is that when a government says that a measure is a temporary --  -- you can keep waiting for 230 years more.
But the third thing that we can learn, and this is the most important thing, and this is what I want to leave with you -- is that the American President of the U.S. doesn't sound at all so modest today, right?
Especially if you have more than 5,000 nuclear heads to design, the largest economy of the world and an arms of vehicle vehicles and so on.
Reality and history have given to the title of graduation.
So in the end of the end of the Senate.
They got their responsibility title.
And also the other concern of the Senana, the announcing of announcervity, well, was a uniqueness for then.
But, you know how many nations are they now present?
And everything because they want to sound like the single guy who has the 5,000 nuclear heads, etc.
So at the end of the Senate, the Senate winner and the Repair Repair, because no one is going to feel humble when you tell them that they're now the U.S. President now.
And I think that's the great lesson that we can learn, and I would like to leave you.
The politicians are trying to choose and use the words to shape and control reality, but really, the reality is much more than the words that these could change reality.
Thank you very much.
I am 45 feet under land in an illegal mine of Ghana.
The air is loaded from heat and dust, and it's hard to breathe.
I feel the route of superstition bodies in the dark, but I can't see much more.
I hear voices that are talking about, but especially that carbon of male stories and stones with primitive tools.
As the other one, I take a cheap lens of synthetic light in the head with this anger plastic, and I can barely distinguish the branches that are holding the walls of that hole of a meter that takes hundreds of meters on the ground.
He turned my hand and suddenly I remember a mining that I met a day before, and he lost the control and got an incredible meter in that point.
While I talk to you today, these men are in deep of that hole risking their lives without paying and reward and often dying.
I went out of that hole and I went home, but they probably never will.
Over the last 28 years, I was documenting native cultures in over 70 countries in six continents, and, in 2009, I had the great honor of being the only exhibition at the Vancouver Peace Camp.
Among all the amazing people I met there met an integral to "Free The Slice, a NGO who is dedicated to eradicate modern slavery.
We started talking about slavery and really, really, I started learning about slavery because I knew there was in the world, but not that grade.
When we finished talking about I felt very bad. Honestly, I was embarrassed to ignore this attention of our days, and I thought, if I don't know, how many people don't know?
He made me a number of the storm and weeks later, I flew to Los Angeles to meet the "Director of "The Senson and offered my help.
So it started my journey to modern slavery.
Interestingly, I had been in many of these sites.
Some of you, even I considered them my second home.
But this time, it would poison the dirty tragedy.
A conservative calculation says that there are more than 27 million people carved in the world.
It's twice of the number of Africans displaced throughout the whole deal of transparent slaves.
150 years ago, the cost of a farmer slave was about three times the annual salary of a U.S. worker.
The equivalent to about 50,000 today.
However, you can scale it to the entire families for generation debates of 16 dollars.
Surprisingly, slavery generates over 13 billion dollars a year around the world.
Many have been stuck with false editors of good education and better work to then find out that they are forced to work without pay, under threat of violence and can't escape.
Now slavery operates in the commitment: goods produced by slaves have value, but who produced them are shorter.
Sharp slavery exists in almost everybody and yet it's illegal around the world.
In India and Nepal, I met the links of lens.
This weird and full spectrum was how to go into the old Egypt or to the hell.
Americans in a 50-year-old temperature temperature -- men, women, kids, in fact, entrepreneurs in a heavy story of pollution, the mechanically collective stores in their heads, until 18 at the time, and they bring them from the Indian horses to trucks that are hundreds of feet.
Behind the monkey and sheep work in silence, doing this task again and again for 16 or 17 hours a day.
There was no pause to eat, not to drink, and the severe distance was made that I would be going to be pretty sick.
So perfect perspectives were the heat and the dust that my camera became too hot, and it stopped working.
Every 20 minutes I had to run to the car to clean up the team and make it work with air conditioning to send it, and I sat there, I thought, my camera gets a much better treatment than these people.
Back in the horses I wanted to cry, but the authoritarian I was on my side quickly grabbed me and said, "Leave, don't do it. Don't do it."
And I was very clearly explained to demonstrate emotions is very dangerous in places like this, not just for me but for them.
I couldn't offer any direct help.
I couldn't give them money, nothing.
I was not a citizen of that country.
I could put them in a worse situation than they were.
I had to rely on "Free The Slaves and work in the system for his freedom, and I thought they would get it.
In terms of me, I hope to get home to feel my heart heart.
In the Himalayas. In the Himalayas, I found a few children running rocks for miles for mountains that were waiting down.
Those big pills were more heavy than kids who dropped them up and kids are holding them up to their heads with roads made of capitals, ropes and hands.
It's hard to give something so overwhelming.
How can we influence something so invisible, but so amazing?
Some people don't even know that they're slaves -- and they work 16 or 17 hours a day without paying -- because this has been this whole life.
They have nothing to share.
When these villagers picked up their freedom, the slaves turned into their homes.
When we heard the word slavery we often thought about sexual traffic and because of this world consciousness I was embarrassed that it would be hard for me to work with security in this particular business.
In Mathari they were used to women who had previously sexual slavery.
I was driven by a few standard stairs that gave this dirty basement of slippeties.
It wasn't exactly a surgery.
It was more well a restaurant.
Restorative as you know in the ocean, they're local for forced prostitution.
They have small rooms -- private rooms, where the slaves and the children with their girls and children, some of the only seven years are forced to train customers and encourage them to buy more food and alcohol.
Each of it is dark and dirty and identified by a number painted in the wall and divided by a broken and a correction.
Workers often suffer sexual abuse.
From foot in the future, I remember having felt like an ardent left floor, and in that instant, I could barely imagine what it should be left in that hell.
It only had a flow," the stairs.
There were no bad doors.
There were no big enough windows like a training.
Those people don't have coffee and because we touch a very difficult topic, it's important to point out that slavery -- even sexual traffic -- it happens around us.
There are hundreds of people enslaved in agriculture, in restaurant, in the domestic service and the list can continue.
Recently, the New York Times reported that between 100,000 and 300,000 children are sold every year as a sexual slaves.
It happens everywhere, but we don't see it.
The textiles are another activity that we often relate to the starting hand.
I visited Indian villages where there were whole families in the trade of the silk.
This is a family portrait of family.
The terrific hands of black are the parent, the blue and the red, of their children.
They mix paintings in these big barrels and dip the silk in the liquid to the cars, but the ink is toxic.
My interface told me his stories.
We don't have freedoms." They said.
"We still hope, though, can come out of this house someday and go somewhere where we really pay us our job."
It's estimated that there are more than 4,000 children in Lake Valley, the largest artificial lake of the world.
When we arrived, I was going to get a quick look.
I saw what seemed to be a failure family in a boat, two older brothers, some younger children, makes sense of it?
Erron. They were all slaves.
Children are separated from their trades and transported and forced to work extremely extensive on these boats in the lake, despite not knowing to swim.
This boy is eight years old.
When our boat came up was saddled -- it turns out his little carbon outside.
He was paralyzed by the fear of falling water.
The branches of the trees plunged out of the trees in Lake Velves often attack networks and children and failure and fear, they drop into the water to get the branches.
Many are honored.
Since I remember, it's always been forced to work on the lake.
For fear of his love is not going to run and like all of life has been treated with crossing and often treat the youngest slaves under their command.
I met these guys at five in the morning when they came up with the last networks, but they had been working from the one.
It was in the cold night and windows.
And it has to point out that these networks spend more than 400 pounds when they're replaced with fish.
I want to introduce you to Kenya.
Kobe was rescued in a fish village.
I met him on a shelter where I came up with the Scott Review to all the victims of slavery.
Kofi symbolizes the possible.
Who will become because someone decided to make the difference in their life?
By driving through a road in Ghana with the Southern Standards of "The Slaw, a command of authority with his motorcycle suddenly accelerating our car and come up with the window.
He asked us to follow it by a path of land to the jungle.
At the end of the road, he invited us to come out of the car, and he asked the driver to come out quickly.
And then I pointed to this sense just visible and said, "This is the path, this is the road. Let's go."
As we started to go down, we removed the resources that block the way and after walking around an hour, we found that the way I was encouraged by the recent rain, so I put pictures of pictures on my head as we go down in these waters to the chest.
After two hours of walking, the current way I ended up regularly in a clear, and we had a mass of holes who could fit in a football field, and all of them were full of sharp workers.
A lot of women had children tied to their back, and while they were looking for gold, they were walking in the waters sent with memory.
The market is used in the process of extraction.
These lions are splitted in a pit in the other part of Ghana.
When they came out of the pump they were shown in their own sweat.
I remember looking at his eyes tired, signed, since many had been under land for 72 hours.
The wells have up to 90 meters, and these people charge heavy standards of stone that then will be transported to another area where they will run the stone to be able to extract the gold.
At the first view, the site seems to be filled with strong and variable men but if you look closer to the margin we see the other fortunate, and as well as children.
They're all victims of legs and disease and violence.
In fact, it's very likely that this muscle ends up like this victim of the tuberculosis and from the marketing in a few years.
This is Manhattan. When his father died, his uncle took him to work with him in the mines.
When you die his uncle, Manhattan has the debt of uncle that force it to be slave in mines.
When I met it, I had worked in the 15 years and the lesion of the leg you see here is a product of an accident in the mine, so serious that the doctors said it should be ambitious.
In addition to that, Manhattan has tuberculosis, and I don't mean, it's forced to work night and day in that mine.
Yet, he dream of being released and educated with local activists like "The Star and this is this kind of determination, in face to a remote possibility -- what inspires me a lot of respect.
I want to throw light on slavery.
They knew that his images would be seen by you around the world.
I wanted you to know that we will give the testimony of them, and we will make everything possible to help change their lives.
I honestly believe that if we can see each other as human beings, then it's very difficult to tolerate atrocities like slavery.
These images are not researchers. They're from people, real people, like you, and like me, who deserve the same rights, dignity and respect in your lives.
There's no day that happens that I don't think of these beautiful people, married, who have had the great honor of knowledge.
I hope these images will take a force in who you see them, in people like you, and I hope that the force understands a fire and that fire looks light on the slavery because, without that light, the resident of slavery can continue to live in the shadows.
Thank you very much.
I do mathematical math and there's a peculiar problem for anyone who makes it -- we're like management consequences.
Nobody knows what the hell we do.
So I'm going to try and try to tell you what I do.
The dance is one of the most human activities.
They give us the viruses of the ballet and the click dancers that we will see later.
But the ballet demands a degree of extraordinary training, a high level of skill and probably a certain initial attitude that well can have a genetic component.
Sadly, the neurological disorders like the Parkinson's evil destroyed this extraordinary ability, as it does with my friend Jane Starwainet who, in his time, was a virtual ballet sharp.
In the last few years, it has been a lot of progress in the treatment.
However, there are three million people in the world that are sick, and they have to deal with an incurable skill, terrible, ridiculous and other symptoms of this disease, so we need objective tools to detect the disease before it's too late.
We need to be able to measure progress in a target and in definition, the only way we can know if there is really a cure to be when we have an objective and curious metric.
But it's frustrating that Parkinson's and other disorders of the movement have no biological markers -- so they don't serve the blood analysis, and the best we have is a neurological exam of 20 minutes.
You have to go to a clinic to do it. It's very, very expensive, and that means that, outside the clinical trials, they never do. It's never done.
What if patients could do it at home?
That will save a difficult journey to the clinic -- what if patients could do the exam they experience?
You wouldn't need people.
By the way, it costs about 300 dollars in the neurological clinic.
So what I want to give you as not conventional way to try and try it, you see, in a sense, at least we are all virtuous as my friend Jane Spibility.
This is a video of the vocal strings video.
It shows someone who is saving sound as I said, we can imagine as a dancers of a vocal ball, because we have to coordinate all those vocal organs to produce sound and all of us have the genes necessary -- the Joseph, for example.
And as the balance requires a level of extraordinary training.
Let's think of the time you take a kid to learn to speak.
From the sound, we can trace the position of vocal strings as they vibrate around, and as the Parkinson's affects the extremists, it also affects the vocal organs.
On the bottom of the bottom you can see an example of transplant transplant from vocal strings.
We see the same symptoms.
It terrified vocal and defining and reduce.
The speech becomes more quiet and passionate after a while, and this is an example of the symptoms.
How do these experiments compare in the voice with the specialized clinical trials -- well, these are not invisible.
The neurological test is not invisible. They both use existing infrastructure.
You don't need to design a whole series of hospitals to do it.
Both of them are pressure. All right, but the tests based on voice are not specialized.
I mean, they can be augmenter.
They do very quickly, they take about 30 seconds like a lot.
They are a minimum cost and we all know what happens to happen.
When something takes a cost so low, it comes on a massive scale.
These are some amazing goals ready to deal with.
We can reduce the logistical difficulties of patients.
I would not need to go to the clinic for the routine correct.
With high-speed monitoring we could have objective data.
We could make massive low cost of low cost for clinical trials, and for the very first time, very cool figures of overall scale.
We have the opportunity to start looking for the first biomass of disease before it's too late.
So by giving you the first steps in that sense, we're launching the Parkinson's vocal Indian.
Right next to Acum and Patical, we want to record a lot of voices around the world to collect enough data and start to address these targets.
We have accessible local lines for about 350 million people in the world.
anyone, with or without Parkinson, can call low price and leave recordings for a few cents, and I'm pleased to announce that we've already reached a percent of the goal in only eight hours.
Thank you.   Tom Rielly: So Maham, taking all these samples from that, say 10,000 people, will be able to say who's healthy and who doesn't?
What will you go out of these shows?
Max Lethic." Yeah, yeah. What happens is that during the call you have to tell if you have or not the disease.
MK: You see, some people may not pass it, you may not finish it.
But we're going to get a very large show of collected data in different circumstances, and do it in different circumstances is important because we're looking for the confidence factors to look for the real markers of the disease.
TR: You have 86 percent accuracy right now.
MW: Much more than that.
In fact, my student Tangula, I have to publish it, has made a fantastic job, and now he has shown that it works on the mobile phone network too, what the project is -- now we have 99 percent accuracy now.
TR: Now November and nine. Well, it's an improvement.
MB: Absolutely.
TR: Thank you very much. Max Little public.
MT: Thank you, Tom.
Before March 2011, I was doing photographic restrictions in New York City.
We're little creatures, gray creatures.
We hide in the dark, in fourth without windows and usually we avoid solar light.
We make the stores that are even more skinny, the perfect skin even more perfectly, we do the impossible, possible and critical in the press all the time, but some of us are really artists with talent with a lot of years of experience and a true of the images and the photograph.
On March 11, 2011, I saw from my house, just like the rest of the world, the tragic events that happen in Japan.
A little bit later, an organization where it was voluntary -- there was an organization in the place working as part of the answer team.
I, together with hundreds of other volunteers we knew we couldn't stay at home, so I decided to join the group for three weeks.
On May 13, I traveled to Ocean.
It's a little bit of cards attached in the prevalence of Isaac of almost 50,000 people, one of the first people affected by the wave.
The registered water level reached over 24 feet tall and more than three miles land inside.
As you can imagine, the people were developed.
We had ships of channels and candidates.
We reduce schools and we take away the lights and leave the houses to be renewable and recognized.
We got tons and fish from fishing fish -- steppeness, post-consumer factory.
We travel and love.
For weeks, the volunteers like neighbors found similar things.
They found pictures and pictures of photos and cameras and cards.
Everybody did the same thing.
You would pick them up and bring them to different places of the people around to get them.
It wasn't until then I realized that those pictures represented a huge part of the personal losses that people had suffering.
As they went out of the wave, and to save his lives, they had to abandon completely everything they had.
At the end of my first week, I began to help in a village assessment center.
He helped clean the common toilets, the enormous, giant banks.
This place turned out to be even the place of the village where the computer center, the photos.
And they took them out there, and I had the honor that that day would trust me to clean up the photos.
This was exciting and inspiring, I had heard the expression of thinking beyond the horizon, but it wasn't until I would take myself my horizons to something happened.
When I looked at the pictures, I found some of them who had more than a hundred years old -- some of them were still on the lab on the lab, I couldn't avoid thinking about how to fix that trait and repair that trait and meet hundreds of people who could do the same thing.
So that night came into Facebook contacted some of them, and the next morning, the answer was so overwhelming and positive, that I knew we had to try.
So we started to retrovious the photos.
This was the first of all.
I wasn't too surprised, but where the water had documented the face of the girl had a lot of precision and delicate.
Otherwise, that little girl would not have the aspect of it, and that would be as tragic as to have the stranger picture.
With the step of the time, they got a lot more pictures and they needed more restrictions so that I went back again in Facebook and Lindbergh and five days later, 80 people in 12 countries were offered to help.
In two weeks I had 150 people to join me.
In Japan, in July, we moved to Republican, a neighbor village in the north of Earth.
Once a week we used our scanner in the temporal photographic libraries that had been installed in, where people were going to reclaim their pictures.
The time you're going to take a different story is a different story, depending on assumptions of the photos.
I could imagine an hour. I could implement weeks.
He could invent months.
This blade had to draw up to hand by hand using the areas whose color and detail of the water had not destroyed water.
I took a long time.
The water destroyed all these photos plunged in sand water, covers of bacteria, with algae -- even with oil, all of it together with the time of time on the time that I keep destroying it, and so it was an important part of the project.
We couldn't go through the photo unless I was clean, dry and she would have been recruited by his owner and so.
We were lucky with the limit by hand.
We had the blood of an advanced neighbor.
It's very easy to harm even more of the photos.
As a time and I said the leader of my group is like making a tattoo.
You can't make mistakes.
And the woman who brought us these photos were surrented by the photos.
And he had started to wipe up her itself, but she stopped to realize that I had it even more.
It also had doubled.
Without them, the images of their husband and their own face would not have been able to rebuild -- we could solve the images in a single picture and pick up the full picture.
When I collected his pictures shared something from his story with us.
A few colleagues of their husband found the pictures in a fire station between the rubble that was pretty far from where it used to be their house, but their colleagues recognized it.
The day of the tsunami, his husband was the commitment of closing the walls into the wave.
It had to go inside the water while the series were held out.
Their small children, not so small now, but their two children were in school, different schools.
One of them was stuck in the water.
He took a week to find his entire family and know that everybody had survived.
The day I gave him his pictures his younger son was 14 years.
For her, despite all of this, those pictures were the best gift I could do, something that he could go back to look at, something that could remember from the past that would not have been labeled by the day of March when everything in his life changed or was destroyed.
After six months in Japan 11 volunteers had been joined in there in a hundred of them who helped us clean by hands over 135,000 photos -- the big majority -- -- the great majority of them went back to their owners -- important.
Over 500 volunteers around the world helped us bring up to 90 families of completely restricted photos and stopped.
During this time, we actually don't spend more than a thousand dollars in teams and materials -- most of them in a printer.
We take pictures constantly completely.
A picture is a memory of someone or something, a relationship, a relationship, someone wanted.
They are subsidies of our memories and stories, the last thing we would take but the first thing we would get to look for.
This is the project, to restore little pieces of humanity, to give someone their connection with the past.
When a picture like this is going back to somebody, I guess a huge difference in the life of the person who receives it.
This project also made a big difference in the lives of restrictions.
Some of them connected to some of them with something bigger -- it will give you something, using their talent for something that is not thin money skin models.
So to finish I would like to read this email -- I sent it up the day I came back from Japan after six months.
As I went out, I couldn't help to think about the people and stories shown in the images.
One particular picture, a picture with women of different ages from the grandmother to the small girl, held around a baby, moved around me, because a similar picture of my family my grandmother -- my mother, I and my newborn daughter was born from our wall.
In the whole world, in all our basic needs are the same, right?
Thank you.
Diet Edge inspired us to be awe and curious with this picture of a bullet that goes into an exhibition in an exhibition of just a millionth of a second.
But now, 50 years later, we can go a million times faster and see the world not to a million or a billion frames per second.
I give you a new kind of photograph," the photography, a new technique so fast that it can create videos in a slow camera of light.
And with that, we can create cameras that you can see after the corners, beyond the vision line, or see the inside of the body without using X-rays and actually challenge the idea of camera.
If I take a laser dot and I turn it up and I added in a trillion of a second, or it is in a number of plants to create a package of photons of just a millimeter.
And that piece of photons -- that bullet -- to travel at the speed of light, and again, a million times faster than a common ball.
If we take that balance and this package of photons and shoot in this bottle, how do you get rid of those photons inside this bottle?
What is the aspect of light in slow camera?
Now, all of this --   remember that all of this happens occasionally in less than a nanoscale is what it takes to travel to light.
But this video is 10 billion times slower so you can see light in motion.
Construction didn't associate this research.  It happens to be a lot of things in this film, to put this information to show what's going on.
The pulse, our ball, goes into the bottle with a picture of pictures that starts to take it off, and inside, it starts to show up.
Part of the light flows up, goes to the table, and we started seeing these longers.
Many of the photons finally get to the lid and then explode in various directions.
As you can see, there's an air bubble that bounces inside inside.
In that time, the waves travel through the table and because of the reflections of the top, it looks at the bottom of the bottle, after several boxes, that the reactions are concentrated.
Now, if we take a ball and run around and make it look at the same distance and see it in a slow camera at about 10 billion times, how much would you think would be sitting to sit on that film.
One day? A week? Actually, a whole year.
It would be a very boring film --  -- from a slow battle in motion.
And how about nature die?
You can see the waves of the table, the tomato and the wall of the wall.
It's like throwing a foot on a pond.
It's the way nature painted a picture, thought about a festival at a time, but of course, our eyes see an integral composition.
But if you look at this shot, you realize that as the light gets off the taken, it goes down. It doesn't get dark.
Why? Because the sample is mature and the light goes into its inner and it comes back after several billion seconds.
In the future, when this female is in their mobile phones, they're going to be able to go to the supermarket and check if the fruit is moved without having to touch it.
What do we create this camera in the MIT?
As a photographer, you know, if we took a little bit of a low exposure, it gets very little light.
But we will take a billion times faster than the shortest exposure, so you just go into some light.
We sent that ball, that photography package millions of times, and we recorded over and over again with a very rough synchrony -- we took those pieces of data and we put them together to create those females that I showed you.
We can take all that data into crude and process them in an interesting way.
Superman can fly.
Other heroes can become invisible.
And if a new power of a supermarket future would allow you to see after the middle?
The idea is that we could throw some light on the door, Bernind, enter the room, one part is going to reflect on the door, and from there to the camera.
where we could extract those multiple liberations of light.
It's not science fiction, we've already built it.
On the left is our female.
Behind the wall there is a minister and we'll put the light on the door.
After the publication of our article in Nature Managans.
And a small fraction of photons will go back to the camera, but interestingly, in slightly different times.
And as we have a camera that works like this, our female, it has unique capabilities.
It has very good temporary resolution and it can look at the world at the speed of light.
So we know the distances to the door and also all the hidden objects, but we don't know what point it corresponds to what a little bit about.
By projecting a laser you can record a picture in a brutal, which you see on the screen, it doesn't really make any sense.
But let's take a lot of images like that, tens of images, we'll take them together and try to analyze the multiple books of light, and with that, we can see the hidden object.
Can we see it in 3D.
This is our reconstruction here.
We have things to explore before we get this out of the lab, but in the future, we could create cars that avoid consequences with what is around the curve.
Or we could look for survivors in dangerous conditions, watching the light reflected by the windows open.
Or we could build shocks that are able to see the inside of the body dying, and the same for cartoons.
But of course, because of tissue and blood -- this is quite difficult, so actually this is a principal to scientists so that they start thinking about the female as a new visualization of visualization to solve the problems of health in health of the next generation.
Just like I Deced December, he himself a scientist, turned science into art, an art of passed photographs.
I realized that all the glaciers of data that we collected every time are not just scientific visualization, but we can.
It will create a new form of computing photography with slow camera and color code.
And we look at those waves. Remember, the time between each of those waves is just a few billion seconds.
But here is also something fun here.
If you look at the waves under the table, these are coming from us.
The waves should move towards us.
What happens here?
It turns out that as we're recording almost at the speed of light, we have strange effects -- Einstein would have loved to see this picture.
The order of the events in the world sometimes appears in the camera of the camera.
Application of space and time, we can correct this distribution.
It's already time. Thank you.
Hi. This is my mobile phone.
A cell phone can change life, and you give you an individual freedom.
A cell phone can photograph a crime against humanity in Syria.
With a mobile phone, you can tweet a message and start a protest in Egypt.
With a cell phone, you can record a song, put it to London and make it famous.
This is all possible with a phone.
I am a Christian child in the city of Berlin.
So let's go back to that time, this city.
So here you can see how hundreds of thousands of people put in search of a change.
This is 1989 imagination if all of these people who are produced in search for a change, had a cell phone in the pocket.
Who of them have a mobile phone here?
Give you.
Raise their mobile phones, get them up.
Get them under them. An Andrew, a Blue, word.
It's a lot. Almost all of you today have a cell phone.
But today I'm going to talk about me, my mobile phone, and how I changed life.
I'll talk about this.
These are 350 lines of information.
That's raw data.
Why is that information there?
Because in the summer of 2006, the E.U. Commission presented a director.
The Dallas Retina Determination.
This discovery says that every European telephone company, every Internet provider of all of Europe, has to store a wide range of information from the users.
Who calls who he sends an email to who sends to.
Who sends him a text to who I am.
And if we use the mobile phone, where we are.
All this information is stored for at least six months, and until two years, in their phone company, or their Internet providers.
And all over Europe, people stood up and said, "We don't want this."
They said they didn't want this data connection.
We want feedback in the digital era, and we don't want the carriers and the Internet provinces all this information on us.
There were lawyers, journalist, priests all said, "We don't want this."
And here you can see about ten thousand people who went to the streets of Berlin and said, "Liberal, not fear."
And some of them even said that this would be the Stage 2.0 thing.
The State was the secret police of East Germany.
And I was also asked if this really works.
Can you store all this information on us?
Every time you use the mobile phone?
So I asked my phone television, Demonic Telemer, who at that time was the largest telephone company in Germany, which please would send me all the information that they had about me.
I asked them once, and I came back to ask them, and I didn't get a concrete response. It was all blah blah blah.
But then I said, I want to have this information because you're building my life.
So I decided to start to start a court demand because I wanted to have this information.
But Delo TV said, no, we're not going to give you this information.
At the end, we signed up an agreement.
It would give me the demand and they send me the information that I fish.
Meanwhile, the German constitutional Court failed the discovery for German law of the E.U.
So I received this ugly on brown with a CD inside.
And in the CD there was this.
Training and five thousand days of information lines.
I saw them and I said, well, it's a huge archive. Okay.
But after a while, I realized it's my life.
There are six months of my life in this archive.
It was a little bit scientific: what should I do with that?
Because you can see where I am, where I step down, what I'm doing.
But then I said, I want this information to go.
I want to make it public.
Because I want to show people what data confuse means.
So next to Zet Online and hear Data City City, we did this.
This is a six-year-old visualization of my life.
You can come up and go up, go back and forward.
You can see every step I do.
And you can see how I go from Francisco to Coloran, and how often I call in the journey.
This is all possible with this information.
That's a little scary.
But it's not just about me.
But of all of us.
First, there are things like, I call my wife and she calls me, we talked about a couple of times.
And then you call me some friends and they're called them.
And then you call the other, and the other one to the other, and we end up with this big network of communication.
You can see how your people communicate with each other, which time they call each other, which time they sleep.
You can see all this.
You can see the centers, the leaders of the group.
If you have access to this information, you can see what society is doing.
If you have access to this information, you can control your society.
This is a model for countries like China and Iran.
This is a model to study the shape of your society, because you know who speaks to who, who sent an email to who, all this is possible if you have access to this information.
And this information is stored at least six months in Europe, and until two years.
As I said to the beginning, imagine if all these people in the streets of Berlin, in the eastern 1989, they had a cell phone in the pocket.
And the Starrs would have known who involved in this protest, and, if the System had known who the leaders were, this never happened.
The fall of the Berlin Wall might never have happened.
And, in fact, not the fall of the Higgin Court.
Because today, state agencies and businesses want to store so much information of us as possible in the web.
He wants to have the possibility to follow our lives and want to store them forever.
But automation and living in the digital era is not a contradiction.
But today, you have to fight for substitution.
You have to fight that every day.
When they go home and tell their friends that privacy is a 21st century value and it's not a father's value.
When you go home, tell them to your representatives that just because business and state agencies can store certain information, you don't have to do it.
And if I don't believe me, ask your phone company, what information store from you.
So in the future, every time you use their mobile phones that serve you to remember that they have to fight for survival in the digital age.
Thank you.
Hello TEDTalk, what happens?
It's not enough.
Hello TEDTalk, what happens?
I call me Mahamet Zail, and I'm not boring, but I know the doctor that brought me to the world.
I cut my mom six times in six different directions, by sharing the poor of me in the process.
As a result, I have cerebral palsy, for that long all the time.
Look at it.
It's a supermarket.
And Mumbain Al Man.
P. C. It's not genetics.
It's not container and can be controlled.
No one of them landmarkey the third of my mother and not the contract because my parents were brothers, even though they are.
It just happens by accidents, like the one that happened to me at birth.
Now, I warn you, I'm not an inspiration source.
It feels bad for me, because at some point in life, you've wanted to be disabled.
Let's go from walk.
Varmed supply, are in the commercial center, drive in search for parking and what do you see?
16 empty places for disabilities.
And you think, "God, I can be a little disabled.
Also, I say, I have 99 problems, and Dr. C. it's just one of them.
There was a blood of the oppression -- I would win the gold medal.
I'm palate. Music, women, discussing and living in New Jersey.
If you don't feel better, maybe they should do it.
I'm from Parkinson's Colony, in New Jersey.
I always loved that my neighborhood and my disease had the same initiatives.
I also love that if I wanted to walk from my home to New York, I could.
Many people with brain paralysis don't walk, but my parents don't believe in the not a candidate."
The mantra of my father was, "You can do it -- dancing says."
If my three older sisters were cleaning, I clean up.
If my three older brothers went to public school, my parents gave the school system, and they made sure that I was also out of it, and if we didn't take the whole note of all the sports of my mother.
My father taught me to walk at the age of five years by putting my feet on his feet and just walking.
Another technique I used was to hang on a dollar in front of me to get it.
The spread it takes in it was very strong.
Yeah. The first day in the kindergarten garden was walking like a bubble that has received a lot of barbers.
Growing up, there were only six Arabs in my city and they were all of the family.
Now there are 20 Arabs, and they're still all of the family.  I think no one realized that we weren't Isaacine.
This was before 9/11, and the politicians would think about the positions of "The Muslims as a campaign camera.
The people that I grew up with didn't have trouble with my faith.
However, it seemed to be a lot to worry about hunger during the race.
I told you that it had enough fat to live three months without eating, so I will help the dawn of addressing is very easy.
I dance in Brooklyn.
Yes, in Broadway, it's crazy.  My parents couldn't afford to pay the physical therapy, so they drove me to dance school.
I learned to dance with stories, or I can walk with heroics.
I'm from New Jersey, and there we want to be six, so if my friends were using talks, I too.
And when my friends were going to spend the summer vacation in the coast of Jeres, I didn't go.
I was spending my summer in a war zone, because my parents are afraid if we don't go back to Palestine all the summer, we become Mandela.
In the summer vacation of the summer my father was trying to meet me, so I drink a milk milk, I got hot cups on the back, and I get immersed in the Dead Sea, and I remember the water burned my eyes and she thought, "Well, I work."
But the miracle cure was the God.
I have to say it's very boring, but before I do yoga I was a stage of an and I could not stand up with my foot."
And I can now hold me on the head.
My parents turned out this idea that I could do anything that no dream was impossible, and my dream was to be on the Homeologist Homeox Telemer.
I went to college, through the positive discrimination and I got a scholarship for the United States, University of the state of Arizona, because I was in all of them.
It was like the massive theater department.
Everybody loved me.
I did all the less intelligent tasks, I used the maximum note in my classes and also in his classes.
Every time I was doing a scene of the crystal zone, my teachers were crying.
But I never got a paper.
Finally, in my last year, the United Nations decided to do a work called Daniel very slow in Jackson in Jack.
It's a work of a girl with brain paralysis.
I was a girl with brain paralysis.
So I began to shout up the four winds, "I was going to have a paper."
I have brain paradox."
At the end of the finger.
Thanks to God an end I'm free."
I didn't get the paper.  They gave him to Sir Brown ...
I went to increase running down to the theater department, crying, as if somebody had killed my cat, to ask why and she told me that because they believed that I couldn't do the risk scene.
And I said, "Excuse me, if I can't do the risk scene -- not the character."
It was a role for the one who literally had been born, and they gave it to an actor without cerebral paralysis.
University was imitating my life.
Hollywood has a story that has a history of adding no disability for disabilities.
When I thank you, I went home, and my first acceptable tour was like a strange in a television.
My dream became true.
And I knew that it would be a story approach "the "Lover to "Britain in a subject.
Instead, it was there as a garden, I didn't see me more than the noise, and it was obvious to me that reporter directors didn't hire rocket actors, not white, with disability.
They only hired perfect people.
But there were exceptions to the wheel.
I grew up watching Bangladesh Golden, Rosing Berkeley, Elector, and all these women had one thing in common: they were committees.
That's why I became humor.
In my first tour, I took famous chemicals from New York to New Jersey, and I will never forget the face of the first comics that he took when he realized that I was going to high speed by the New Jersey freeway, with a driver that had brain paralysis.
I worked on clubs from all over the United States, and also in Arabic in the Middle East, without censorship, and no speed.
Some people say I'm the first monolithic of the Arab world.
I never like to reclaim the first place, but I know you never heard that little disgusting rumor that says that women are not fun, and they find us very fun.
In 2003, my brother of another mother and father, Dean Olympic, and I launched the New York Center in New York, now in her 10, year.
Our goal was to change the negative image of the Marganes in the media, and at the same time remind them to representative directors that South and Arabic are not sort of uniform.
To integrate Arabs was much easier than to fight the challenge of the supply of disability.
My great opportunity came in 2010.
I was as an invited news program with Keith Oldor.
I walked into a graduate school, and I got dragged into a study and sat in a wheelchair.
I looked at the director and said, "Excuse me, can you give me another skin?
She looked at me and said, "Cheating, four, three, two, two.
And we were in living."
So I approached to the desk desk to not get out of the screen during the second, and when I finished the interview, I was lost.
I finally had my chance and developed it. I knew they wouldn't come back.
But not only Mr. Olden went back to inviting me, but it was like a full-time participant and pasted my chair.
Something fun I learned in direct with Keith Olderonica was that people on the Internet are school.
It's said that kids are cruel, but they never got sick of me or a child.
All of a sudden, my online disability became an object of burning.
He saw online clips with comments like, "Why is it that the team of it."
"It's breathed?
And my favorite favorite point of territory.
What disease is it?
We should really hear for it."
A committee suggested even to add my disability to my curve, drinking, committee, particular.
disability is as visual as race.
If someone in the wheelchair can't make Benja, then Bell can't make anyone in the wheelchair.
The disabled are the one. Yeah, clap -- man. Come on.
The declined we are the largest minority of the world, and the most unfair in the nest world.
The doctors say I wouldn't walk, but I'm here in front of you.
And yet, having grown up with the media, I don't think it would be.
I hope that together we can create more positive images of disability in the media and in the everyday life.
Maybe if there were more positive images, it would make less hate on the Internet.
Or maybe not.
Maybe we still need all the society to teach our children.
My current journey has taken me to very spectacular places.
I went to walk through the red red carpet of the Sun Line Line and the California Larry Armed.
I came up with a film with Adam Sandal and to work with my gift, the incredible Dave Masters.
It took the world out of the Arab world, "The Arabs.
I was convicted in representation of the great state of New Jersey in the CO2 of 2008.
And I founded "Most of the Mountains of Master: a charity organization to give the child refugee children a tenth of what my parents gave me.
It was the only time my father saw me to act live, and I read this talk to his memory.
"Performance in peace, Dad paper.
I call me Mason Zaina, and if I can, you can too.
I'd like to tell you a story about a child of a small town.
I don't know his name, but I know his story.
It lives in a little town to South south.
This village is near Mongo.
And the drought is driven to the small village to poverty and to the edge of the innovation.
No nothing for him there, it goes to the great city, in this case, Mountain, the capital of Somalia.
When it comes there, there are no opportunities, there's no work, no future perspective.
He ended up living on a tent in the city outside Moden.
After maybe a year, nothing.
One day is about a gentleman who offers to take it to lunch, and then I would develop.
He knows a group of people who give him a break.
It gets a little money for you to buy new clothes, money to send home, to your family.
They present a young girl.
I finally got home.
It starts a new life.
It has an objective of life.
A beautiful day in Moundile, under a blue sky, it was a chemistry sheet.
That little boy from that little town with the dreams of the great care was suicide terrorism, and that dynamic group of people were to Sandy, a terrorist organization connected to the Aany.
So how does a child's story of a small village trying to fulfill their dreams in the city of the city with it?
He was waiting.
I was waiting for an opportunity, waiting to start his future, waiting for a future perspective, and this was the first thing I got to him.
This was the first thing that we call the sperm period."
And his story is repeated in urban centers around the world.
This is the story of the margins, young urban urban men who described riots in Japan, waste riots in London, which look for something beyond the waiting board."
For young people, the city promise -- the great dream of the city is the opportunity of the opportunity, to work, of well-being, but young people don't participate in the prosperity of their cities.
It's often the youth that suffers from the highest unemployment rate.
By 2030, three of every five people living in cities will be less than 18 years.
If we don't include young people in the growth of our cities, if we don't give them opportunities, the story of the waiting behavior," the gateway of terrorism, to violence, to the panels, will be the story of the cities.
And in my hometown of birth, Mongana, 70 percent of young people are unemployed.
70 percent don't work, doesn't go to school.
They don't do virtually anything.
I went back to Mountalking last month, and I went to visit the Maldives, the hospital where I was born.
I remember standing at that hospital in the barricage that you would think of thinking, "What if I would never have left?
What if I had been forced to be in that same profit back?
Would I have become terrorist?
I'm not really sure of the answer.
The reason I was in Mozart that month was actually to attach some juvenile leaders in a corporate community.
It took up about 90 superstar juvenile leaders.
We felt and we had a rain of ideas about the solutions to the big challenges facing the city.
One of the young people in the room was All Alley.
He went to University of Mountalkine, graduated it.
There was no work, no opportunity.
I remember when he told me that, because I was a graduate university, I was exposed to a graduate college -- it was the perfect white to Al Sahara and other terrorist organizations, to be recruited to be recruited to be recruited to be recruited to be recruited to be recruited to be recruited to be recruited to be recruited to be recruited to be recruited to be recruited to
They looked for people like him.
But this story takes a different path.
In Mountalk, the greatest obstacle to get from the point to B are the streets.
Twenty years of civil war have completely destroyed the viral system, and a motorcycle can be the easiest way to mobilize it.
And then you saw an opportunity and throw it.
It started a computer company.
It started getting motorized to local residents who normally couldn't buy them.
I bought 10 motors, with the help of his family and friends, and his dream is at some point to expand hundreds of goals over the next three years.
Why is this story different?
What does this story do?
I think your ability to identify and leverage a new opportunity.
It's the corporate spirit, and I think the business spirit can be the most powerful tool against the waiting period."
It empowers young people to be the creators of economic opportunities that are looking so desperately unconscious.
And you can train young people to be entrepreneurs.
I want to talk to you about a young man who attended one of my meetings, Mozami Mount, a Florida.
I was helping to train some of the young people on the summit of the entrepreneurial initiative and how to be innovative and how to create a culture of the corporate initiative.
In fact, this is the first flower that Mongolia has seen in over 22 years, and until recently, until Mountain came out, if you wanted flowers for your wedding.
If I asked somebody else, "When was the last time you see free?
For those who grew up during the civil war, the answer would be: Never.
So Mohamed saw an opportunity.
It started a power company and a personal design.
He created a farm in the outskirts of Mongolia, and he started growing schools and liberations, that he said, could survive the life of Mountalking Life.
And it started the delivery of flowers for bones, creating gardens in the homes, and the city companies -- and it's now working in creating the first public park of Mountain in 22 years.
There are no public parks in Mondalin.
They want to create a space where families, young people, can go together, and, as he says, to smell the pink professions.
By the way, he doesn't grow pink because they use a lot of water.
So, the first step is to inspire young people, and in that room, the Move of Moughand had a really profound impact in the young.
They had never thought of starting a business.
They had thought about working for a NGOs, to work for the government, but their story, their innovation, really had a strong impact on them.
I forced them to look at their city as a place of opportunity.
I encouraged them to believe that they could be entrepreneurs that could be a change.
By the end of the day, they had innovative solutions for some of the biggest challenges facing the city.
It creates business solutions for local problems.
So inspire young people and create a culture of business spirit is really a big step, but young people need capital to make their ideas happen.
They need experience and orientation to guide them in development and put out of their business.
They connect young people to the resources they need, they celebrate the support they need to move from the creation to creation, and create catalyst for urban growth.
For me, business spirit is something more than starting a business.
It's creating social impact.
Mohamed is not simply selling flowers.
I think it's selling hope.
His Peace Park, this is how I call it, when it's created, to transform the way people see their city.
They were able to hire kids from the street to help rent and keep the goals for him.
He gave them the chance to escape the parachute period paralyzed.
These young entrepreneurs are having a tremendous impact in their cities.
So my suggestion is that they become young people in entrepreneurs, they grow up and they feed their inherent innovation, and they will have more stories on flowers and Parks from the Peace than the sports and the waiting perspectives.
Thank you.
I was about 10 years old, and I went to accelerate with my dad at the Armstrong Mountains -- an area to the north of the state of New York.
It was a beautiful day.
The forest formed.
The sun made the sheets shine like a video, and it's not going to be the way that we see, we can almost pretend that we were the first human beings to go to that land.
We get to our camp.
It was a cover on a risk that was seen to a beautiful crystal lake when I discovered something horrible.
Behind the boat, there was a sand, from about four square feet with thin apple horizons of aluminum paper balls, and old passenger.
And I was an announced, and I was very angry, and incredibly confused.
The camps that were too lazy enough to take what they had brought on, who thought he was going to clean up their barbecult?
That question followed me, and it was just a little bit.
Who clean our attack?
No matter how to organize or where you put the our trash in Emergence?
Who cleans our trash in Rio or in Paris or in London.
Here in New York City, the Saving Department of the Savage of National Saving by 11,000 tons of discussions and two thousand tons of recyclable products every day.
I wanted to know them as individuals.
I wanted to understand who does that work.
What does the uniform feel like to take that career?
So I started a research project with them.
I traveled in the trucks and walked through his trains and interviewed people in office offices and facilities around the city, and I learned a lot, but it was still an intriguing.
I needed to get more.
So I started working as a back collective.
Now I don't just travel in the trucks. I drive.
And he opens up the mechanical scans and broke the snow.
It was a remarkable privilege and an amazing learning.
They all ask about smell.
It's there, but it's not as dominant as you think, and in the days that it's very strong you get used quickly.
It costs a lot of use to weight.
I met people who had worked on it for several years, and their bodies were still cutting up the weight of taking on their body tons of garbage every week.
It's also the danger.
According to the Office of Lobe Associations, waste collection is one of the ten most dangerous occupation of the country, and I learned the reason.
You're coming up and walking on the traffic all day and they pass up around you.
They just want to walk, so the driver is not paying attention.
That's very bad for the worker.
And also the trash itself is full of dangerous dangers that often fall out of the road and they get terrible damage.
I also learned about the implications of garbage.
When you get out of the classroom, and you see a city from the back of the truck, you can understand that garbage is like a force of nature itself.
Never stop coming.
It's also like a form of breathing or circulation.
It must always be in motion.
And it's also the stigma.
It seems to me that stigma is especially ironic because I believe that the restrictions of waste are the most important works in the streets of the city, for three reasons.
It's the first progress of public health.
If you don't get rid of the waste of efficient and effective every day, this starts to get rid of your teeth and their inherent dangers are threatened in very real ways.
diseases that we had controlled for decades and centuries come back and start to hurt them.
The economy needs them.
If we can't get rid of the old, we don't have space for the new thing so that the engines of the economy begin to fail when it's in the danger of the consumption.
I'm not advocating for capitalism, it's just its relationship.
And then there is what I call our average average speed of day.
So what I mean with is just the speed that we used to move in the contemporary time.
We usually don't care about, or we don't repair or we cleaned or take us our coffee, our barbarity barrier, our water bottle.
We use them, we throw them, we forget them, because we know that there is a work force on the other side that will come out of it.
So I want to suggest to you a couple of ways of thinking about the collection of waste that may help reduce the stigma and get into that conversation about how to design a sustainable and human city.
His work, I think, is almost literature.
They're in the street every day, an architectural way.
They use a uniform in many cities.
You know when to wait.
And their work allows us to do our own.
They're almost a form of relief.
The flow that keeps us away from ourselves, of our own waste, our deserts, and that flow always has to stay on one form or another.
One day after the 11th of September of September 2011, I heard the germs of a bomb collection truck in the street, grabbed my little son and dropped the stairs running down, and there was a man doing his paper record as it did all the mountains.
And I tried to thank you to do his work that day in particular, but I began to cry.
And he looked at me and just astronauted, and he said, "We're fine.
We're going to be right."
Shortly after that, I began to investigate the collection of waste and I went back to that man.
It's called Paulo, we worked together many times and we got good friends.
I want to believe that Paul was right.
We're going to be fine.
But in our efforts to reconcile the way we exist on this planet as a species, we need to include and have all the costs, even the very real human cost of the labor.
The municipal waste, what we think when we talk about barrier, represent three percent of the amount of waste of the nation.
It's a remarkable statistics.
So in the flow of your days and their lives, the next one that you see someone whose work is to clean up the garbage of you, it takes a moment to recognize them.
Take a moment to tell you thank you.
My work focuses on the connection of thinking about our community to be part of the environment where architecture was born naturally from the conditions and local traditions.
Today I brought two recent projects like this.
Both projects are sitting in emerging countries, one in Ethiopia and the other in Tunisia.
They also share the fact that the different analysis from different perspectives become an essential part of the final piece of architecture.
The first example began with an invitation to design a whole range of steps in Ethiopia, Addis Aberican.
This is the kind of building that showed us as an example, to my team and me, about what we had to design.
At the beginning, the first thing I thought was, "I want to get out running."
After seeing some of these buildings there are many of these buildings in the city, we realized that there are three important aspects to restore.
In principle, these buildings are almost empty because they have very large stores where people can't afford to buy things.
Second, you need to employ a lot of energy because the reduction with crystals generates heat inside the inside, so you need a lot of cooling necessary.
In a city where this shouldn't happen because it is a standard weather that goes from 20 to 25 degrees over the year.
And third, their aspect has nothing to do with Africa and with Ethiopia.
It's a picture of a place that is so rich in culture and traditions.
In our first visit to Ethiopia, he was really captured with the ancient market that is this strange air structure where thousands of people, they go and buy things every single day to small levels.
There is also that idea of using public space to generate external activity.
So I thought, that was what I really wanted to design, not a commercial center.
But the question was how to build a modern building, from several floors -- applying these principles.
The next challenge was presented by inspired the site, which is located in a much of much growth in the city, where a lot of the buildings that we see in the image, didn't exist.
And it's also between two parallel streets that are not communicating in an extension of hundreds of meters.
So the first thing that we did was create a connection between these two streets, using all the entries of the building.
And this is spread with an incomplete attribute that creates a space on the open air in the building that is protected by its own way, of the sun and the rain.
And around this space, we've applied the idea of the market with small businesses, which changes in every floor because of the form of space.
I also thought, how to close the building?
I wanted to find a solution that would respond to local climate conditions.
And I started thinking about a similar tissue to an ant shift with perfections to allow the air input and also of light, but in a filter way.
We then inspired ourselves in these beautiful buttons of the Egyptians.
They have properties of the fractal geometry and this helped me to model the face.
We're building that with these little perfect pieces that are the windows that let us pass air and light in a controlled way inside the building.
This is comfortable with these little crystals of colors that use the light of the building to illuminate the building for the night.
With these ideas it wasn't easy to convince developers because they thought, "That's not a commercial center. It wasn't what we ask."
But in definition, we all realized that this idea of the market was so much more profitable than the commercial center because at the end of the day, there were more local to sell up.
And also the idea of the facade, it was much more economic -- not only because of the material in comparison with glass, but also because it was no longer necessary to have air attention.
So we got some savings in the budget that we use to implement the project.
The first thing was to think about how to make energy supply for building in a city where electricity is almost every day.
So we got a great advantage by putting information on the roof.
And then under those panels I think about the roof as a new public space with gathering areas and bars that would create this urban oasis.
And these steps on the roof, which in a set collect water for the innovations of the inside.
You wait for the next year, because we go through the fifth floor of the construction.
The second example is a master plan of 2,000 apartments and services in the city of Tunisia.
And to make a project so big, the biggest thing I had designed -- needed not just to understand the city of Tunisia but also to their environment, its tradition and culture.
During that analysis, I put special attention to the media, a 1,000 years old that he was surrounded by a wall with twelve doors of access connected by almost straight lines.
When I went to the place, the first design operation that we did was to expand the existing streets, creating 12 blocks in the size and features that are in Barcelona and other cities in Europe with these pathogens.
In addition to that, we selected some strategic dots in relation to the idea of interconnected doors with straight lines, and this was the initial model.
And the last operation was to think of the cell, the little cell of the project, like apple, as an essential part of the master plan.
I thought, what would be the best orientation for an apartment in the Mediterranean climate?
And it's Northern because it creates a thermal difference between both sides of the house, and therefore a natural ventilation of the house.
So we set up a framework that I assure most of the apartments are perfectly extracted in that direction.
And this is the result that's almost like a combination of the European blog and the Arab city.
It has these blocks with patents, and then in the low plant, we have all the connections for pedestrians in the planet.
And it also responds to local norms that make a greater density on the upper levels and a lower density in the low plant.
And it also reinforces this idea of the doors.
The roof, which is my favorite space of the project is almost like retrieving the community the space occupied by construction.
It's where all the neighbors, they can climb up and society, and make activities such as running a two kilometers a morning, or jumping from one building to another.
These two examples have a common approach to the design process.
And also, they're in emerging countries, where you can see cities literally growing.
In these cities, the impact of architecture in people's lives changes communities and local economies at the same rate that the buildings grow.
For this reason, I even see more important to look at the architecture looking for simple but affordable solutions, which improve the relationship between the community and the environment and they have as a goal to connect nature with people.
Thank you very much.
When I was eight years old, a new child joined our class. It was so likely, as all the new girls.
I had great amounts of hair and a little bit of light standards, cute -- it was very strong for the capitals of states, very good for gratefulness.
I ended up that year and I was full of bathers, until I threw my sinister plan.
One day I stayed a day after the school waste, I was a little bit late, and I hid in the baby of the girls.
When the cost was both, I went into the classroom room, took from the table of my teacher the calcium book.
And then I did.
I altered the ratings of my rival -- just a little bit, just some of that.
All of them.  And I was willing to give my book back to the box, but I was going to see some of my other partners had very good notes too.
So in a sentence, it took the notes around the world, without any imagination.
I put all the lines of God and myself a row of that, just for being there, because I could.
I still surprised what I did.
I don't understand how the idea came up.
I don't understand why I felt good at doing it.
I felt important.
I don't understand why I never got stuck.
It's that everything was completely obvious.
They never discovered me.
But most of all, I was fascinated with the reason that I was bothered that this little girl, so small, was so good for organic.
I was intrigued with them.
They're so mysterious and so perfect.
We know that babies suffer from backwards.
The primates, the blue birds are very probably.
We know that these are the number one cause of care of computers in the United States.
And yet, I've never seen a study that additions to loneliness, or long duration or distance.
So you have to go to fiction, because novels are like the lab in which they study the teeth in all their possible shapes.
In fact, I don't know if it's an exaggeration to say that if there were no calls, there would be no literature.
Well, there would be not Helvaid Indian, there would be no Indians."
There would be no called "The thousand and a night."
There would be no Shanghai.
It would be the reading list of the secondary school, because we would be losing "The Room and the Fund." There would be no "Tarium and I don't For Park: We would lose from Mother Bobby, and "Come King King.
No bridges, there is no Port. I know it's fashionable to say that he has the answers for everything, and in terms of the teeth, almost it has all of them.
This year is 100 years of his master work, "In looking for the lost time, the most extensive study of sexual cells, and also of ordinary competition, my own, all we could have.  And thinking about it, we have the synthetic details, right?
We think of a child trying to get the dream.
We think of a massive magnitude in your landscape.
We forget what it is that image.
We forget what it is.
I mean, this is books that Virginia Wool said they were as hard as a cat.
I don't know how the cat class is, but we assume it's surprising.
Let's see why they go so well, the novel and the teeth -- the stores and the pieces.
It's going to be very obvious like the cands that are reduced to the person, to their wish, to their editors, are a wealthy base based?
I don't know. I think we got very close to the bone, when we think about what happens when we feel clouds.
When we feel a few telephones, we tell ourselves a story.
One story about other people's lives, and those stories make us feel terrible, because they're designed for that, to make you feel bad.
Being at the same time narratives and audience, we know exactly what detail to include -- to plant the knife, right?
The cells make us all amateur novels, and that is something that Purpose understood.
All that she was doing to give me pleasure could give him pleasure to another, maybe right now."
And it starts to say to himself, that story, and since then, he has said that every single thing that San Sweden is in his lover and adds it to his collection of instruments of torture in his private camera.
You have to admit that Standart and Port, they were notoriously carefully.
You know, Portugal combats would have to leave the country, if they wanted to break with him.
But you don't have to be so hot to recognize that it's a tough job. Right?
The cells are superheroes.
It's a hungry emotion. You have to feed it.
And how are the candidates?
The children are normally nurtured.
The stones use the details.
The teeth like the large amounts of hair and the cute and small story of leaves.
The cells are nursing the photos.
That's why Institute is so successful --  -- Portrait indicates the language in the lawyer.
When San Standard is in its head, it suddenly hears behind the doors and bribe to the sensors of their love, then defend those behaviors.
He says, "Look, I know you think this is representation, but it's not different from the interpretation of an old text or to look at a monument."
He says, "They are scientific research with real intellectual value.
Project is trying to demonstrate that the stones are interested and they make us seem absurd, but in their mind, they are search for knowledge, for the truth, a painful truth -- in fact, to what I had to be aware of, the more painful.
The pain, the humiliation, the loss, these were the pathways to the Project in Project.
He says, "A woman who we need to make us suffer -- it causes us a much deeper range of feelings than a wise man who can interest us.
Is it telling us that we're going to look for women?
No. I think it's trying to say that the hairs reveal us to ourselves.
And is there any other emotion that makes us open in this particular way?
Is there any other emotion that reveals us our advice and our horrible ambition and our rights?
Any other emotion that teaches us to look at very undergraduated?
Freud writing about this later.
One day, Freud was visited by a young man who was consumed with the idea that his wife would be standing up.
And Freud said that there was something weird about that man, who didn't look at what his wife did.
Well, she was innocent -- everybody knew that.
The poor creature was under suspect without any cause.
But he was looking for things that he did his wife, without realizing influence.
Are you going to smile too much residential with a men?
Freud said that man was becoming the idea of the unconscious hospital.
novels are very good at this.
The novels describe very well how the cells make us look at intensity, but without precision.
In fact, the more intense we are, the more we became the residents of fantasy.
And for this reason, I think, the cells are taking us to make violent or illegal act.
The cells lead us to behave very immune ways.
Now I'm thinking about my case at eight years, I know that, but I'm also thinking about this story that I heard in the news.
A 52 years of Michigan age was captured by having created a fake limestone in Facebook from the one that was sent from violent messages -- the tools itself for a year.
For a year. It's a year.
She was trying to include the new bride of his boyfriend, and I have to confess that when or this, I have to tell you that when or this, they react to addition.
Because, we are realistic.
How big is it -- although unfortunately, creativity. Right?
It's like novel.
Like a novel of Patrick Hirands.
His favorite is one of my favorites.
She's a very strange and brilliant character of American literature.
It's the author of "the "The Tremendous in a Trending Tree, and "The Till Mr. "Robot," books that are dealing with how the cells are confused, and once we are in the sphere, in the realm of the teeth, the membrane that separates what it might be, it can be perfect in an instant.
Let's take Tom Richard, his most famous character.
Tom Richard is going to want or want what you have to take away from your own and stand out of what you ever had, and you're under the floor responds to your name, you take your name, you take your bank concepts.
It's a way.
But what do we do? We can't take the route of Tom Richard.
I can't give you all the world, as much as I wanted to.
It's a literature, because we live in time.
We live in the time.
I mean, we are good cities of social networks, where the currency is entrepreneurship? Right?
The novel shows us the flow of the sandwich? I'm not sure.
So we're going to do what the characters always do when they're not sure, when they are at a mystery.
Let's go to Bage Street and ask Sheronica Hollywood.
When people think of Holes, they think about the magnificent magnetic in Professor Mortalit, that criminal genius.
But I always preferred to "The Internet Internet, the head face of Scottish American rock that needs Hollywood desperately needs the Holey genius, but he hit it.
Oh, it sounds so familiar.
Lester needs their help, but the answer and bubbles and bubble in each of the mysteries of the missions.
But as they work together, something starts to change, and finally in the Avenue of Sierra Nanoles: once Holly comes in, you get all with their solution, Jerry comes back to Holocaust and says, "We're not hot, Mr. Holes.
We're proud of you."
And he tells him there's no person in Stack Marine who would not want to wash my hand.
It's one of the few times that we see Holes translated in history, and it seems like this very emotional. That scene is also mysterious, right?
It seems to treat the cells like a prevalence problem, no emotion.
You know, in a Hole minute is on the opposite side.
The next one is the next side.
Suddenly, Lester allows you to admire that idea of being him the residence.
Could it still be so simple.
What happens if the cells are really a matter of geometry, just a question of where we allow ourselves to be in relation to the other?
Well, maybe we don't have to get rid of the excellence of the other.
We can end up with it.
But I just like content plans.
So while we expect that happens, we remember that we have the fiction to be consumed.
Just the fish destroyed the steps.
The fiction was used to the domestic picture, it invites them to the table.
And look at what I got there." The sweet Leonardo, the Alarm Tom Robot, the deep Sweddornia, the mine Mark Proton.
We're in excellent company.
Thank you.
We used to solve big problems.
On July 21, 1969, Buzz Alberto jumped out of the moon collapse of the Apollo 11 and went on on the Marshall Sea.
Armstrong and Germany were alone, but his presence in the gray surface of the mushroom was the culture of a collective collective process.
The Apollo program was the biggest movement in the history of the U.S. history.
To get to the moon, NASA spends about 180 billion dollars today, or four percent of the federal budget.
The Apollo gave about 400,000 people and asked the collaboration of 20,000 companies, universities and government agencies.
People die, including the transplant of the early one.
But before the Apollo program, 24 men traveled to the moon.
It was walking about their surface, which Alberto after the death of Armstrong last year, is now the oldest one.
So why were they?
They didn't bring a lot of the back. 38 pounds of old rocks, and something that the 24 would challenge later, a new sense of the small and the fragility of our common home.
Why were they? The cynical answer is that they were because President Kennedy wanted to demonstrate the Soviets.
But the words of Kennedy at the University of Rice in 1982, they give us a better idea.
John F. Kennedy," some question, why is the Long Long?
Why do it turn it into our goal?
And they could also ask, why do we scale the highest mountain out there?
35 years ago, why to fly about the Atlantic.
Why do you play Rice against Texas?
We chose to go to the moon.
We chose to go to the moon.
We choose to go to the moon in this decade, and do other things, not because they're simple, but because they're hard.
Jason Pop," for the computers, the Apollo was not just a victory of the West on the Cold War.
At the time, the strongest emotion was to be able to wonder the transparency of the power of technology.
They were because it was great to do that.
The land in the moon happened in a context of a long list of technological subscribers.
The first half of the 20th century produced the assembly line and the plane, the penicillin and the vaccine for tuberculosis.
In the middle of the century, they eradicated the rollership and you remove the smallpox.
The technology seemed to be that what Von Falling in 1970 called all-time form."
For most of the history of humanity, we couldn't go faster than a horse or a sailing bar -- but in 1969, the Apollo 10 transplant to 40,000 miles a hour.
Since 1970, no human being turned to the Moon.
No one has traveled faster than the transplant of the Apollo 10, and the optimistic joy about the power of technology has been evaporated by seeing that the problem that we imagine that technology would solve how to go to Mars, create a clean energy, cure cancer, or feed the world population seem to be intractable results.
I remember seeing the Apollo 17.
I was five years old, and my mother told me that he didn't look at the spaghetti tube called the Saturn Sant.
I knew very much that this would be the last mountain mission, but I was completely sure I would see the colonies on Mars.
So that of something happened to our capacity to solve problems with technology has become a common place.
We heard it all the time.
We've heard it for the last two days here, at TED.
It looks like the technologies had been distracted and they would have enriched with trivial toys, things like iPhones and applications and social networks, or algorithms that will speed up automatically advantage.
There's nothing wrong in most of these things.
They have expanded and enriched our lives.
But they don't solve the big problems of humanity.
What happened?
There is a controversial explanation in Silicon Valley, who trust that they have been created less ambitious than those years that they were funded by intact, Microsoft Apple and Gene.
Silicon Valley says that markets are the characters, in particular, the incentives that the risk capitalists offer the entrepreneurs.
Silicon Valley says that the risk investment caused the creation of transformative ideas for the funding of incremental problems or even false problems.
But I don't think that this explanation is good enough.
It explains mostly what goes wrong in Silicon Valley.
Even when the risk capitalists were at their ceiling without worrying about risk, they prefer small investments of investments that could go out in 10 years.
The CO2 has always had trouble to invest with benefits in technologies like energy, which need a huge capital and that development is long-term -- they've also never invested in the development of the technologies that are determined because they don't have an immediate commercial value.
No, the reasons why we can't solve the big problems are more complicated and deeper.
Sometimes we choose not to solve the big problems.
We could go to Mars if we wanted to.
NASA has even designed a plan.
But going to Mars would require a political decision that was popular, and that will never happen.
We're not going to go to Mars because everybody thinks there are more important things to do on Earth.
Sometimes, we can't solve the big problems because the political systems fail.
Today, less than two percent of global energy consumption comes from renewable energy sources like solar and wind and biofuels -- less than two percent, and the reason is completely green.
The coal and the natural gas are cheaper than solar and wind, and oil is cheaper than the bacteria.
We want to want alternative power sources that can compete in price.
Now, the technologies and the entrepreneurs and the economists agree about what policies and international treaties would increase the development of an alternative energy, mostly a significant increase in research and energy development, and some kind of control of the coal price.
But there is no hope in the political climate today that we will see an energy policy of America or international treaties that reflect that consensus.
Sometimes, the big problems that had seemed to do is not to be.
We know for the time that famine is result of failure.
But 30 years of research have taught us that females are political crisis that affect catastrophic food distribution.
Technology can improve things like the harvest or the systems for storage and force of food, but there will be famine as there are bad governments.
Finally, big problems sometimes choose a solution because we don't really understand the problem.
President Nixon declared the war to cancer in 1975, but we soon found that there are many kinds of cancer, some terribly resilient ones, and only in the last 10 years, they seem to have found effective and viable treatment.
The hard problems are difficult.
It's not true that we couldn't solve the problems with technology.
We can and we should, but these four elements have to be presented: political leaders, and the population should want to solve the problem, the institutions must support the solution -- it must be really about a technological problem, and we must understand it.
The Apollo mission, which has become something like a metaphor for the ability of technology to solve big problems, with those critics.
But it's a role model in the future.
We're not in 1918.
There is no glacier competition like in the Cold War, there is no policy like John Kennedy who inherited how hard and dangerous -- and there's no popular mutation of science fiction like to explore the solar system.
In general, going to the moon turned out to be simple.
It was just three days.
And really, I wasn't even solving any problem.
We are alone in our present and the solutions of the future will be harder to get.
God knows that we don't lack the challenges.
Thank you very much.
Well, I'm going to talk about trust, and I'm going to start asking you the general ideas that you have about trust.
They are so common that they have become clicks of our society.
I think it's three.
The first one is a ready, there's been a huge decline of trust, it's a very widespread belief.
The second is an objective, we should have more trust.
And the third is a task, we should be able to recover trust.
I think the record, the goal and the task have been wrong.
What I'm going to try to tell you today is a different history about a real concert, an object and a task, which I think gives a more clear idea about it.
First of all, the recovery -- why do people think that trust has discussed?
And if I think about the basis of my own evidence, I don't know the answer.
I encourage you to think that it can have gone down in some activity or institutions and that could have increased in others.
I don't have the clear.
But I can go back to the opinion polls and the opinion polls are supposedly the source of the belief that trust has decreased.
When you look at the polls of opinion over time, there's no evidence of it.
I mean, the people who were described by 20 years ago, mostly journalists and politicians, continue to inspire the same description.
And the people who were very reliable about 20 years ago are still pretty conference.
The rest of us are in the middle, and by the way, the average city of the street is almost exactly half the road.
But is this evidence enough?
What the opinion polls are recording are, of course, opinion.
What else can you record about.
What you see are the generic attitudes that people manifest when they ask them certain questions.
Do you trust the politicians in the politicians?
Now, if someone would ask you, "Do you trust the brilliant?
Do you trust the fishermen?
Do you rely on primary teachers?
You probably would start to say, "To do what?
And that would be a very sensible answer.
And you might say, when you have your question, "Well, I trust you, but in others.
It's very rational.
Ultimately, in real life, we tend to report trust in a difference.
We don't assume that the level of trust that we're going to feel like for a certain type of officers -- working or kind of person, is going to be uniform in every country.
I could, for example, to say that I trust a certain primary teacher that I know to give you the lesson class, but in any way to drive the school microscope.
After all, I could know that it was not a good driver.
I could trust my friend more crazy to keep a conversation, but no, maybe, to keep a secret.
Simple.
And if we've gotten those evidence in our everyday lives in the way that trust is different, why do we leave all that knowledge when we think about trust by more abstract way?
I think the surveys are really bad tools to measure the real level of real trust, because they try to open the good judgment in the fact of trusting something or something.
Secondly, what about the goal?
The goal is to have more trust.
Frankly, I think it's a stupid goal.
It's not that the goal that I will get.
I would encourage you to have more confidence in what is about trust, but not what it is.
In fact, I'm a paradigm of not trust in what's not conflict.
And I think that those people who stopped their savings with the very closely called Mr. Maddight, who then disappeared with them, I think of them, and I think, well, they were too confident.
Having more confidence is not a smart goal in this life.
There trust or denied with intelligence, that's the right goal.
Once you tell you, it says, yes, that's worth that what matters first is not trust, but trustworthiness.
What's about making a judgment about how reliable people are in certain ways.
And I think that in order to make a trial, we're forced to focus on three things.
They're contexts, are they stuff? Are they responsible?
And if you find that one person is component in perfective matter, and it's responsible and honest and then we will have a very good reason to trust it, because it's going to be transitional of trust.
But if, on the contrary, they're not responsible, we couldn't trust them.
I have friends who are consistent and honest, but I didn't trust them to bring a card to the mail because they're allowed.
I have friends who are very sure that they can do certain things, but I see that they overestimate their own competitions.
And I'm very happy to say that I think I don't have a lot of friends that are competing and responsible but extremely story.
If so, I haven't been asked.
But that's what we're looking for, confidence before it trust.
Transition is the answer.
Confidence is what we have to judge.
And of course, it's hard.
In the last few decades, we've been trying to build account systems for all kinds of institutions, professionals, officials and so on, that made us more easy to judge their trustworthiness.
Many of those systems have had the opposite effect.
They don't work as they should.
I remember once I was talking to a part and said, "Well, you'll see, the problem is that it takes more time to do the administrative role than you can do the part itself.
And we found the same problem in all of our public life, and institutionalized, that the accountability system that is destined to smiling trust and confidence testing, it's actually doing the opposite.
What they do is to tell the work of the people who have to make difficult tasks, like the parts -- you get them out of "the strings, as we say.
I sure all of you know similar examples.
All that, by the target.
I think the goal should be more trust, and that things would be different if we try to be worthy of trust and we'll bring it to the people that we're confident and whether we try to determine whether other people, officials or politicians are worthy of trust.
It's not easy. It's the just the simple action, the attitudes -- whatever it doesn't do properly.
Third, the task.
I'll call the task to reconstruct trust, puts things down to the back.
It suggests that you and I should be able to reconstruct trust.
Well, we can do it with ourselves.
We can rebuild the trustworthiness.
We can do it if two people, together, trying to improve trust.
But trust, in definition, is distinctive because we give them other people.
You can't reconstruct what other people have given you.
You have to give them the base enough so they can trust you.
You have to be worthy of trust.
And that, of course, is because you can't collect, usually to all people, all the time.
But you also have to bring false evidence that you're worthy of trust.
How do you do it?
That is done every day, everywhere, does the common people, the officials, the institutions.
Let me give you a simple commercial example.
The store where I buy my socks tells me that I can get them back without giving you explorers.
I take you and give me the money, or change me for the color that I want.
That's great. I trust them because they became vulnerable to me.
I think there's a great lesson in that.
If you become vulnerable to the other side, that's a very good proof that you're worthy of trust, and you have confidence in what you're saying.
So, in the end, I think that what we're suggesting is not something very hard to distract.
What people trust is in relationships, and in that framework, they can determine when the other person is worthy of trust.
Thank you.
From the beginning of computers, we have been working out by reducing separation between us and the digital information, the separation between our material world and the world of the screen where the imagination can be spread.
This separation has been reduced, increasingly and more and more and more -- so that it is less than a mile, the tip of the glass of a tactile screen, and the power of the computer has become accessible to everyone.
But I wonder, and if there was no barriers?
I started imagining how it would be.
First of all, I created this tool that comes into the digital space, so that when the strong networks against the screen its physical body to penes.
Designers can be materializing their ideas directly in 3D, and surgeons can practice with virtual organs under the screen.
So with this tool, the barriers remove.
But the two hands remain still out of the screen.
How do you get inside and interact with the digital information using the entire dexterity of the hands?
In the division of Microsoft Apples, along with my mind Captain Bolbot, I gave up the computer and turned a little space on the keyboard in a digital area of work.
Comparing a slave visitors with depression cameras to detect the toes and the face, you can now raise your hands of the keyboard, get inside of the 3D space, and grab it directly with your hands.
Like windows and archives have an environment in real space, to select them is as easy as to take a book of a state.
You can put the book and roll lines or words with the virtual state sensor that there is down every floating screen.
The architects can stretch or rotate their doctors directly with their hands.
In these examples, we go into the digital world.
What if we invest the papers and make digital information come towards us?
All of a sudden, many of us will have bought and put things on the Internet.
Now that doesn't have to worry about.
What I have here is an online test on the Internet.
This is the vision that you get from a stolen device in your head or translate when the system will understand the geometry of your body.
If you take this idea further, I thought, instead of just seeing pixels in space, how can we make them physical so that we could touch them and feel it?
How would it be a future like this?
At the MIT Media Lab, with my tutor Hiroshi Iraq and my collaborator Reductary Post, we created this only physical perspective.
This spherical magnet, it behaves as a 3D pen in space, which means that as much as the computer is able to move the object anywhere within this little three-dimensional space.
So simplify it, what we did was we put gravity and control the movement through a combination of magnetic levitation and mechanical reasoning and detectors.
And when we digitally program the thing, we release it from the constraints of time and space, which means that human movements can record and come back to reproduce and stay forever in the physical world.
You can teach physical colonys and distance and famous Michael Jordan can be replicated as a physical reality at the time we want.
Students can use it as a tool to understand complicated concepts like the movements of the planets, the physics, and unlike monitoring or text books, this is a real and palpable experience that you can touch and feel.
But what's more fascinating to change the physical part of the computer is to imagine how to program the world is going to change our everyday physical activities.
As you see, digital information is not just going to show you something but to start acting directly about us as part of the physical world that surrounds us without that we have to engage in our world.
We start talking about today talking about a barrier, but if we suppress that barrier, the only limit that's left is our imagination.
Thank you.
I was trained to become a number for two years in Hungarian, China, in the '70s.
When I was in the first grade, the government wanted to bring me to a school school with all expenses paid.
But my mother tiger said, "No."
My parents wanted me to become engineering, like them.
After surviving the Cultural Revolution, they created firmly that there was only a close path to happiness -- a safe and remarkable job.
No matter if I work or not.
But my dream was to be a Chinese opera.
This was me, in my imaginary piano.
A opera singer should begin to train from very young people to learn the records, so I tried everything I could to go to the school of opera for me.
I even wrote to the director of school and a radio program.
But no adults would give him the idea.
None adult took me seriously.
Only my friends gave me, but they were kids, no authority, like me.
So at the age of 15 years, I knew it was too much greater to train.
My dream would never be done.
There, that for the rest of my life a second kind of happiness was the only thing that I could aspire to.
And this was so unfair.
So I had to look for another vocal.
Nobody around me wanted to be taught? Okay.
I would remember the books.
(Music "The High Hawker: (Music for Nation in 1995, and what were the first books that I read here?
Those who were banned in China, of course.
"The Good Earth is about the Chinese campaign life.
And it's not properly, it understood.
The Bible is interesting, but strange.
That's one issue for another day.
But the fifth commandment for me was a revelation, Honorism to your father and your mother."
Honor, I said, "It's so different, and much better than "I got to get."
So it became my tool to get out of this confidence of confidence and to reset the relationship to my parents.
The encounter with a new culture also gave me a place to my comparative read.
It provides a lot of perspective.
For example, in the beginning of this map, this map seemed to me because this is what the students in China learn.
I had never occurred to me, that China didn't have to be in the center of the world.
A map involves the perspective of people.
comparative reading is not new.
It's a common practice in the academic world.
There are to research camps as a comparative religion and comparative literature.
Comparing and controlling, it offers to academics a deeper understanding of a subject.
And I thought that if comparative reading works to research, why not do it also in everyday life?
So I started reading books.
You can be treated by Walter Franklin from Walter Israeli -- who were involved in one place, or friends with shared experiences.
For the Crisis, the temptation are social, politics and spiritualists.
For the Buddha -- it's all psychological players," lunch, fear and social duty -- interesting.
If you know another language, it's also fun to read your favorite books in two languages.
(Biologist Tumor Times Testames Mans "The Cameron of The The Taliban Waters" Water, instead of losing me in the tradition, found that you can win a lot of her.
For example, it's through the translation I realized that happiness in Chinese literally means "particular "Panama: Jay."
And Novistruci in Chinese, it literally means new mother: Oham.
The books opened me a magic door to connect with people from the past and the present.
I know I'm not going to get to feel alone or impossible.
Having a desperate dream is really not compared to what many others have suffered.
I have come to believe that reality is not the only purpose of a dream.
Its most important purpose is to connect with the place that dreams, where the passion comes from, where happiness comes from.
You can do that for you.
And it's thanks to books, which today I'm here, happy, living again with purpose and classically, most of the time.
So the books are always collecting them.
Thank you.
Thank you   Thank you.
When I was in my 20s, I saw my first school client.
I was a Ph.D. student in clinical psychology in Berkeley.
She was a 26-year-old woman named Alex.
Alex walked into the first session using vehicles and a molecule toy, he turned into my office couch, and he told me that he wanted to talk about their problems with men.
When I heard this, I felt so active.
My class of class had a picture as a first client.
And I got a window that I wanted to talk about men.
I thought I could do it.
But I didn't.
With the chemical stories that Alex brought to the seasons, it made me easy just to move the head while we failed the solution.
"The trians are the new seeming: I was saying Alexander, and so I saw, she was right.
You start to work later, you go home later, you have children later, even the death happens later.
For versions like Alex and I had time to work.
But shortly after, my software prepared me to introduce Alex to talk about his loving life.
I was laughing.
I said, "Of course, he's coming up with guys under his category, you get up with a head head, but it's not like if I was to marry it."
And then my supermarket said, "Even no, but maybe he married the next time.
Also, the best moment to work on the March of Alex is before it came away."
This is what psychologists call a moment.
It was when I realized that the '80s are not the new 20.
Yeah, people feel head after what was used to me, but this didn't make the age of 20 in Alex to be a design in their development.
This made the last 20 to the perfect time, and we were wasting it.
So I realized that this kind of benign density was a real problem and had real consequences -- not only for Alex and their loving life but for the careers, the families and the future of the every side of them.
There are 50 million volunteers in the United States, today.
This means 15 percent of the population, or 100 percent if you consider no one to get to adulthood.
Raise your hand if you're in your 20.
I want to see the vegetables here.
Oh, yeah! They're amazing.
So if you work with versions, you love a vegetable, you take a set of sleep, I want you to see. It's good. Amazing.
This is not just my opinion. These are the facts.
We know that 80 percent of the key moments in life happen at the age of 35 years.
So this means that eight in every 10 decisions and experiences and "Maya Moms: that shapes your life will have happened to when you get 30 and so many.
People in over 40, they don't come in panic.
This audience is going to be okay, I think.
We know that the first 10 years of a career have an exponential impact on the amount of money they will win.
We know that more than half the Americans are married, they live or they're coming out with their future couple at 30 years.
We know that the brain ends up their second and final stage of growth in their 20s and reproductive for agriculture, which means that if there's something you want to change itself, now it's the moment to change it.
We know that personality changes more times during their 20s, than at any other time in life, and we know that female fertility is coming to the 28, and things become complicated.
The 20 are time to educate their body and their choices.
When we think about the development of the child, we all know that the first five years are crucial for language and attachment in the brain.
It's a time where his daily and common life has an impact on the person that will become a disabled.
But what we don't hear often is that there's something called adult development, and our two is a critical moment in adult development.
But this is not what the neighbors are listening.
newspapers talk about changes in the line of the age of adulthood.
Researchers call the 200 dollars an extended adolescence.
The journalists are approaching the vents of versions like "sweets, and "Hollering."
It's true.
As a culture, we have considered a formula that's actually the decade that defines adulthood.
Leonardo Berneries said that to achieve great things, you need a plan and not enough time.
Isn't it true?
What do you think happens when you give you a break in the head and say, "You have another 10 years to start your life?
Nothing happens.
They stole that person the sense of urgency and their ambition and it doesn't happen absolutely anything.
And then every day, smart genders, interesting things like you or your children and daughters come to my office and say something like this: "I know that my boyfriend is not good for me, but this relative relationship doesn't count. I'm just killing time."
Or they say, "Everybody says that as you start a race before the 30, everything will be right."
But then it starts to sound something like this: "My 20 are for finishing and I still have nothing to show you.
I had better circulation the day I graduated from college."
And then it starts to sound something like this: "My dating for the past 20 were like the game game.
They were all running and fun, but then at some time about 30, the music came up and they all started to sit down.
I didn't want to be the only one who was standing on, so sometimes I think I married my husband because he was the nearest chair when I was 30."
Where are the vegetables here?
Don't do that.
Well, that sounds a little bit extreme, but it's not wrong, the risks are very high.
When you leave a lot of things for the '30s -- there's a huge pressure to the training, and so many of you start a career, to pick a city, to pick up a couple, and have two or three children in a much stronger period of time.
Many of these things are not computer, and there are research that you start to show that it's much more difficult and challenging to do everything in the age of 30.
The crisis of the middle-aged age is not about buying red sports cars.
It's about realizing that you can't have the career you want now.
Realizing you can't have the son you want now, or you can't give you a brother to your son.
A lot of roads and contracts see themselves, and I sat in the room, and they talk about their 20, "What was he doing? What was he thinking?"
I want to change what the windows are doing and thinking.
Here's a story of how it might be.
It's a story about a woman named Emm.
At the age of 25, Emma came to my office because I was in his own words, having a crisis of identity.
He said it would like to work in art or entertainment, but you can't yet decide, so I spent the last few years working as a message.
As it was more cheap, it lived with a boyfriend, I showed more than ambition.
And despite living about 20 very difficult, their previous life had been even more difficult.
She was often crying in our sessions. But then she would get up, she said, "You don't choose your family, but he can choose your friends."
Well, one day Emma got his head on his legs and tears during almost every hour.
I had just bought a new free for the director -- and he had spent the whole morning putting it up with his many contacts, but then he looked at the empty space that follows after the words "In "The East Engine, please call me.
I was at the point of history when he saw me and said, "Who's going to be for me if I have an automatic accident?
Who is going to take care of my cancer?
At that point, I cost a lot of work and not say, "I mean.
What Emma needed was not a journalist that really cares about.
Emma needed a better life, and I knew this was his opportunity.
I had learned a lot since I worked with Alex to just sit while the president decade of Emma was going on.
So for the next week and months, I told Emma three things that all version, man or woman, deserve to know.
First of all, I told Emma to forget that crisis of identity and get identity capital.
By identity capital, I mean doing something that adds value to your person.
You do something that's an investment in what they want to be after.
I didn't know the future of the Emma career, and nobody knows the future of the work, but I know this: capital capital generates identity capital.
So now it's the moment for that work on the other side of the country, of that inside, from that company that you want to test.
I'm not looking at the exploration of the vegetable exploration I'm not supposed to tell you that, by the way, it's not exploration.
It's prostitution.
I told Emeka that would explore jobs and make them tell.
Secondly, I told America that urban tribes are comes away.
The best friends are great to bring them to the airport, but the versions that are together with friends with similar minds are limited in terms of who they know, what they know, how they think, how they talk, and where they work.
That new capital piece of capital, that new person who will come out of it almost comes out of its closest circle.
The new things come from what they're called weak friends of friends from their friends.
Yes, half of the teenagers have a bad job or they don't have work.
But the other half no, and the weak links are the form of cartoon to this group.
Half of the working jobs are never published, and then knowing the boss of your neighbor is the way you get a job not published.
It's not cheating. It's the science of how information happens.
For the last but not least, Emma thinks that you don't choose your family, but I know your friends.
This was true when I was growing up, but as a vegetable, Emmant soon will choose his family, when he has a partner and a couple of his own family.
I told Emma that time to choose his family had come.
You might think that the 30 is better to sit down than the 20, or even 25 and I agree with you.
But you can choose the person that you live now or you get up now when everyone on Facebook starts to walk towards high is not progress.
The best time to work in your marriage is before you have it, and that means being so intentional in love as you're at work.
choosing your family has to be a conscious choice of who and what you want instead of just making it work or kill time with anyone that you choose to be.
So what about Emily?
Well, we looked at that director, and she found the fourth of a cousin of a cousin who worked on an art museum in another state.
This weak link helped him get a work there.
That offer of work gave him a reason to leave the bottom that I lived with.
Now, five years later, it's special organized of events in museums.
This married with a man who chose consciously.
He loved his new career, loved his new family, and I sent me a letter that said, "Now the emergency contact spaces are not big enough.
The story of Emma may sound easy, but that's what I love to work with with a living.
It's very easy to help them.
The vegetables are like planes that come out of the airport of Los Angeles, which go out somewhere from the West.
Just before the shop, a blind legal on his trajectory makes the difference between landing in Alaska or in Fina.
In the same way, at the age of 21, and at the age of 25, a good conversation, a good job, a good desert, a good TED talk can have huge effects in the next few years or even the next generations.
Here is my idea that I decided to spread all the windows you know.
It's as simple as what I learned to tell you.
That's what I now have the privilege of telling you about ventilations like Emma every day, the tracks are not the new 20, they get their adulthood, they get identity capital, using their weak links -- choose your family.
Don't let them define what they didn't know or what they didn't do.
They're deciding their life today.
Thank you.
When I was 27 years old, I left a very demanding job on Gertrude consumer for a work that was even more extra, the documentaries.
I was going to teach them math to graduate graduate students in New York City.
And as any teacher, I applied tests and testing.
I give you tasks.
When I work back, I calculate the calibians.
What called me the attention was that the C was not the only difference between my best and my worst students.
Some of the people who had a better performance had no sport of CPU statements.
Some of my smartest kids were not getting so well.
And that got me to think.
The kind of thing you need to learn in math in seventh grade, safe, are difficult, proportions, decisions, the area of perfection.
But these concepts are not impossible, and it was very convinced that every one of my students could learn the lesson if they worked hard and over time.
After several years, I got to the conclusion that what we need in education is a better understanding of students and learning from a motivation perspective, from a psychological perspective.
In education.
It's the CBO, but what happens if being successful in school and life depends on much more than ability to learn in fast and easy way?
So I left the classroom and I went to university to become psychologist to become psychology.
I started studying kids and adults in all kinds of challenging spaces, and in every study my question was, who's successful here and why?
My research team and I went to the military Academy West Poverty.
They tried to predict what you would stay like in military training.
We went to the National College of Delho and we tried to predict what children will move out as far as possible in the competition.
We studied natural teachers working on really difficult neighborhoods working on really difficult neighborhoods, asking what teachers would you still be teaching for the end of the school year and of those who will be the most effective in improving the results of learning their students.
We associate with private companies, asking what of these marketers are going to keep their job away?
And who is going to make more money?
In all of these very different context, a feature as a pressure of success.
And it wasn't social intelligence.
It wasn't the good thing, physical health, and it wasn't the C.
It was determination.
Development is passion and perseverance.
The determination is to have resistance.
Determination is clinging to their future, day after day, not just for the week, not just for the month, but for years and working really hard to make that future future.
Determination is to live life as if it was a marathon, not a race at all.
A few years ago, I started studying the determination in the public schools.
I asked thousands of high school students who do my determination questionnaires and then wait about more than a year to see who they get to be graduated.
It turns out that children with more determination had significantly greater chance of graduate -- even when I showed them in every feature that I could measure, things like the family income, the results of standardized tests, even security that kids felt when they were in school.
So it's not just at West Point or the National Council of Pennsylvania in which it matters the determination -- it's also at school, especially for kids in risk of the land.
For me, the most exciting thing about determination is how little we know, how little it knows the science about their development.
Every day, parents and teachers ask me, "How do you develop determination in the children?
What should I do to teach kids a some ethical work?
How do I keep them for the long plane?
The most honest answer is I don't know.  What I know is that the talent doesn't give them determinist.
Our data shows very clearly that there are lots of talented individuals that simply don't go ahead with their commitment.
In fact, in our data, the commonly determination is not related or even related to the tilt metrons.
So far, the best idea I've heard about developing the determination of children is something called growth mentality."
This is an idea developed at Stanford University by Carol DC: And it's the belief that the ability to learn is not fixed, that it can change the effort.
Dr. Dudger has shown that when kids read and learn about the brain, and how it changes and growing in response to the challenge, they're much more likely to persist when they fail, because you don't think that failure is a permanent condition.
So growth mindset is a great idea to develop determination.
But we need more.
And that's where my speech, because that's where we are.
That's the work that we have in front of us.
We need to take our best ideas, our strongest institutions, and we need to test them.
We need to measure if you have been successful and we have to be willing to fail, to get them wrong, to start everything back with the lessons that you learn.
In other words, we need to be determined to make our children more determined.
Thank you.
I grew up in Taiwan as the daughter of a calculation, one of my wildest memories is my mother showing the beauty and the shape and the focus of Chinese characters.
From that moment, I'm going to be amazed for this incredible language.
But for a foreign thing, it seems to be as unlikely as the Big Wall China.
In the last few years, I've been wondering if I can get this street, so that you want to understand and appreciate the beauty of this sophisticated language can do it.
I started thinking about how a new and fast method of learning Chinese could be useful.
Since I was five years old, I started learning how to draw each of the traces of every heart in the right sequence.
I learned new careers every day for the next 15 years.
Since we only have five minutes, it's better than we do it in a faster way.
A Chinese academic would buy 20,000 characters.
You just need a thousand to understand basic literacy, you know.
The first 200 will allow you to understand 40 percent of the basic literature, enough to read signals of traffic signals, messages of restaurants to understand the basic idea of web pages.
Today I'll start with eight to show you how the method works.
They're ready to go.
Open your mouth as much as it might be possible until it was square.
You get a mouth.
This is a person who's going to give a walk.
Personal.
If the fire shape is an arms with arms in both sides, like if I was shouting in a scary way, "Audience: I am going to go, "This symbol is actually original in the form of the call, but I like to believe that it is the other way. The one that works.
This is a tree.
tree.
This is a mountain.
The sun.
The moon.
The symbol of the door looks like a couple of doors of a continent in the old West.
I call these eight characters.
They're building blocks to believe a lot more characters.
One person.
If someone walks back, that's when you go through.
As the old adage says, two are company, three are crowd.
If one person would stretch your arms, this person is saying it was the big."
The person in the mouth, the person is tracking.
It's a prisoner -- as John inside the whale.
A tree is a tree, two trees together, we have a forest.
Three trees together, we also have the forest.
Put a board under the tree, we have the sites.
Put a mouth on the tree, that's an identity."  Easy to remember, because a real tree is pretty laboratory.
Remember the fire?
Two fire together, it's very hot.
Three fires together, that's a lot of flames.
Put the fire under the two trees, that's coming.
For us, the sun is the source of prosperity.
Two soldiers together, prostate.
Three together, those are stopped.
Put up the sun and the moon shining together, that's the brilliant.
It also means tomorrow, after a day and night.
The sun comes out on the horizon. You know.
A door. Put a table inside the door, it's the door of the door.
Put a mouth inside the door, ask questions.
I played there is someone at home?
This person is getting hidden from a door, writing, expanding.
On the left, we have a woman.
Two women together, they're discussing them.
Three women together, they have care to be adult.
So we've gone for almost 30 characters.
By using this method, the first eight radical will allow you to build 32.
Next group of eight characters will build another 32.
So with every little effort, they'll be able to learn a couple of hundreds of characters, which is the same thing I learned an eight years old.
So after knowing the characteristics, we started creating sentences.
For example, the mountain and the fire together, we have a fire. It's a volcano.
We know that Japan is the land of the national sun.
This is a sun placed with the origin because Japan is east of China.
So a sun next to the origin -- we created Japan.
A person behind Japan, what do we have?
A Japanese person.
The character on the left are two mountains, one on the other.
In the ancient China, that meant in exile because the Chinese entrepreneurs destroyed their political enemies beyond the mountains.
Today, the exile has become to get out.
A mouth that tells you to go out is a flow.
This is a slide to remind you that I have to stop talking and go down the stage. Thank you.
What I prefer to be captured are the movies I get to see.
I love to share my favorite films with my kids, when my daughter was four years old, we saw the Oz magician together.
The film mastered his imagination for months.
His favorite character was Glow, of course.
He gave him a good excuse to use a brilliant dress and take a magic variable.
But when you see that film so many times, you get to understand that it's extraordinary.
We now live and we raised our kids in a kind of industrial fantasy show.
However, the ozone magician was an event in itself.
It didn't start that trend.
The trend really took a hundred years later, interestingly, another movie whose protons, a metal boy and a pen boy rescue a dress girl as a guard of the enemy.
Do you know what I'm talking about?  Yeah.
There's a big difference between these two films, there's a couple of big differences between the Oz magician and all the films that we see today.
One is that there's very little violence in the Olympic Magazine.
The monkeys are pretty aggressive, like apples.
But I think that if the Oz magician was done today, the magician would say, "Man, you are the salary of Oz as the board is predicting.
You use magic shoes to defeat the army of the evil broccoli.
But that's not what happens.
Another unique thing about the U.N. magician is that the most heroic characters and wise and even videos are women.
I started noticing this when I made Star Wars to my daughter, a few years later, and the situation was different.
At that time, I also had a son.
Just three years old.
It wasn't invited to the projection, because it was still very small for that.
But it was the second child, and the level of Superman had gone down.  So he stood up in the room and he was impressed as a mom left with her pictures behind it, and I don't think he understood what was going on, but definitely I cut everything.
I wonder what it looks like.
Would it be value, personal and leading?
Would you have the feeling that Luke is one to an army to defeat the government?
Let's compare this to 1930s Mars.
How do you make Docker his film.
So doing good bits with everybody and being a license.
It's the kind of world in which I want my kids to grow Old, right? And not a world of men who fight, which is where we are.
Why is there so much of it failure France, force in movies for our children, and so little of the yellow light?
There's a lot of literature about the impact of male violence movies in the girls, and they should read it. It's very good.
I haven't read so much about how kids react to this stimulation.
I know for experience that the Red princess doesn't provide the right framework that would have served me to navigate the world of adults that is microscope.  I think at the moment of the first kiss -- I really hoped that credit would start to appear because it's the end of the film, right?
My search has done, I have a voice.
Why do they stop there?
I don't know what I should do.
The movies are focused on defeat the village and getting their reward, and they don't leave time for other relationships or other adventures.
It's almost like being a child, you have to be a dumb animal, and if you're a girl, you have to use a sentence of war.
There are a lot of exceptions, and it will give you to Disney principles to any of you.
But they send a message to the kids, even though they are -- kids are not really their public audience.
They make a phenomenal work when you teach girls how to defend the pathetic, but it doesn't necessarily show kids how to defend the pathet.
There's no model for them.
We also have some great women who write new stories for our children, as real as Benjamin and Katenships, but they don't stop being movies of war.
Of course, the most successful issue of all times continues to appear in classic after classical -- each of them on the adventure of a child or a man, or two men who are friends, or a man and his son, or two men who were creating a child.
Until a lot of you are thinking, this year, finally came out Valley.
And I recommend all of you. It's already available in stores.
Remember what the criticism said when he was falling?
I can't believe that Pixar has made a movie of a principle.
It's very good. Don't let them stop them.
Well, almost none of these films pass the Beijing test.
I don't know if you've heard about this.
It hasn't even taken roots and already spread, but maybe we will start a movement.
Alisa Ball is a comic drop, and in the middle of the 1980s, I recorded a conversation that had had with a friend of the equality of the movies that they saw.
And it's very simple. There are only three questions that you have to do: In the movie, there is more of a female character than you have lines?
So, you have to fulfill the requirement.
These women talk to each other at some point of the movie?
Their conversations are about something else about the kid than they like it?   All right? Thank you.  Thank you.
Two women who exist and talk about things between yes.
I have seen it, and yet very rarely I see it in the cinema that we know and love.
In fact, this week, I went to see a very good film of quality, Art.
Right? Rubble turns of the West Russia, a concept idea of what a Hollywood movie movie is.
Virtually not the Beat test.
And I don't think it should, because a lot of the movie, I don't know if you've seen it, a lot of the movie happens in an embassy where men and women are hiding during the recording crisis.
We have a lot of scenes of men who have profound and painful conversations in this hiding school, and it's the great time for one of the acting acting and saying, "You come to the door, card?
This is Hollywood.
So let me just look at the numbers.
In 2011, from the 100 more popular movies, how many of them believe they have female prototypes?
Okay.
It's not the same percentage as the number of women we have recently chosen for Congress, so it's okay.
But there's a bigger number than this one is going to get this room.
Last year, The New York Times published a study that the government had done.
This is what he said.
In the United States, one in five women says it's been sexually assaulted in their life.
I don't think it's the fault of the mass entertainment.
I don't think the movies for kids will have something to do with that.
I don't think music videos or pornography are closely linked -- but something goes wrong, and when I hear that statistics, one of the things I think is that there are a lot of sexual airports.
Who are those guys who are learning?
What do you not get to learn?
Are you looking at the story that the paper of a male hero is to defeat the violin with violence, and then charge the reward, which is a woman who doesn't have friends and not talk?
Are we looking at that story?
You know, as a father with the privilege of raising a child like those of you who are doing the same thing, we find this world and this very alteration statistic and we want to prepare them.
Do we have tools to our willingness as a power -- and we expect that to help, but I have to ask, but I have to ask, is it going to be able to be able to, at the same time, active or maybe, are we educating our kids to keep their own male power?
I mean, I think the list of Netflix is a way to do something really important, and here I mean mostly to the parents.
I think we have to show our children a new woman definition.
The definition of male is changing radically changing.
You have read about how the new economy is changing the role of the home and the analyzen.
It's all changing.
When I asked my daughter, what was his favorite character from "Star Wars -- you know what he responded?
Okay.
OK1 and Guananage.
What do you have in common these two?
Maybe it's not just the brilliant.
I think they're experts.
I think these are the two people in those movies that know more than no one, and they love to share their knowledge with other people to help them achieve their potential.
They're leaders.
I like that kind of stories for my daughter, and I like that kind of story for my son.
I want more stories like that.
I want fewer stories in which I gave to my son, he sees and fought just and more stories where his job was to join a team, maybe a team leader for women, help other people better and be better people, like the Oz magician.
Thank you.
As a child, I lived in Maine, and one of the things I loved most was to look for sea cookies on the shores of Maine because my parents told me that it would be lucky.
But you know, it's hard to find these completes.
They're covered with sand, and it's hard to see them.
However, over time, I was used to look for them.
I began to see shapes and patterns that helped me talk to them.
This became a passion to find things, in a love of past and architecture.
And finally when I started studying Egypt, I realized that to see my own eyes wasn't enough.
Because suddenly, in Egypt, my little beach in Maine had grown up to one of nearly 1,000 miles of length next to the Nile.
And my sea cookies.
This is really what led me to use satellite images.
To try to make a map of the past, I knew it had to do differently.
I want to show you an example of how different we see when we can use infrared of it.
This is a place on the eastern coast of Egypt called Belingi.
And the place, the simple view, seems to be a brown sea, but when we use the infrared and we process it using false color, suddenly the place looks like broken pink up.
What you're looking at are real chemical changes of landscape caused by the building materials and the activities of the ancient Egyptians and the activities of the ancient Egyptian.
I want to share with you how we have used satellite data to find an ancient Egyptian city, called Italian, lost for thousands of years.
II was the capital of the ancient Egypt for over 400 years in a period of time called the average empire about 4,000 years ago.
The place is located in the Farbor, Egypt, and it's really important because in the Middle Empire, there was this great renaissance of ancient Egyptian art, architecture and religion.
The Egyptians have always known that IIP was located somewhere near the pyramids of the two kings that were built in the front of the red circles here, but somewhere inside this huge sandwich planet.
This area is enormous, it's about six for four kilometers.
Before, the Nile flown right next to Twitter and as he changed over time, it was translated to the east, and he covered the entire city.
So how do you find a city in an extensive landscape?
Trying to find the random would be equivalent to look for a needle in a panel, with the eyes sold and using baseball gloves of baseball.
So, we use NASA police data to make a map of the place, with very subtle changes.
We were able to see where the Atlantic.
But you can see more detailed, and it's even more interesting, this slightly elevated area that you see inside the circle here, which we think could be the location of Tibet.
So we collaborated with Egyptian scientists doing sample work, you can see it here.
When I say I show you, it's like the task of the ice, but instead of layer of climate change, we look for human occupation layers.
Five meters below a thick layer of it, we find a dense layer of performance objects.
This means that in this possible location of Twitter, five meters down, we have a course of occupation of several hundred years that are given from the Middle Bank, exactly the same period we think it's II.
We also found work of performance, corner container and galaxy, which shows you that there was a cup of gold.
This might seem like it is not a lot, but when we think about the most common stones used in the top of the Middle Empire, these are the stones that were used.
So we have a dense layer of occupation that data from the Middle Empire in this place.
We also have evidence from a elite joke that shows that what has been there, was a very important city.
We don't find MIT here, but we go back to the place in a near future to locate it.
And more importantly, we have the resources to engage young Egyptians in the use of satellite technology, so they can also perform great discoveries.
I want to end with my favorite quote from the Middle Empire, probably he was written at Italy 4,000 years ago.
In sharing knowledge is the biggest of all vocations.
There's nothing like the land.
So according to it, TED was not founded in 1984 D.C.
And what makes ideas come really started in 1984 to Chestera, in a lost city not for a long time and found out of the high.
It certainly puts the search for marine shells.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
I want to invite you to close your eyes.
Imagine standing outside, in front of the door of the house.
I want you to pay attention to the color of the door, to the material that's done.
They now visualize a group of obese news bones.
They're competing in a new bicycle race and they're going to address their front door.
I need to look at this.
They're standing strong, they're surrounding, they are going out a lot.
And they collide against the door of your house.
There are bits flying around the whole side of the wheels that go on to its side, rails of the wheels that end up in absurd. They pass the threshold of the door.
In the flying, or what there is on the other side of the door, and you look at the quality of light -- the light of the Latin Line.
You're saving them with your hand.
From his chair, on a brown horse.
It's a horse to speak.
You can feel your blue ball making them tickle in the nose.
You can smell the gas coat and then you can get in the mouth.
They stand on one side and enter your living room.
Whether in the room, and making a maximum use of your imagination, imagine British Speeds.
He's with a little bit of clothes dancing on his center of center, singing "Himala And Mount Moon?
Now let's tell the kitchen.
The floor has been coated with a picture of yellow brick and from the bone coming to you Dozon, the Honor Man and the Space Magazine and the Mandela of One Man Marshall Made of Open" and saving you.
Okay. Open your eyes.
I want to tell you about a peculiar competition that takes every spring in New York.
It's called the United States Member of Memorial Member."
I went to cover this event a few years ago as a scientific journalist, waiting for, I guess, that this was like the end of a superconductor superconductor.
There were several men and a few different ladies of different ages and different hostile habits.
They were memorize hundreds of random numbers, looking at them only once.
They memorize the names of dozens and the teeth of strangers.
They memorize entire poems in just minutes.
They compete to see who I could memorize to the order of a name of natures of names.
And I thought, "This is incredible."
These people must be phenomenon of nature.
And I started talking to some of the competitors.
This is a man named Ed Cooper who had come from England and has one of the best managed memories.
I said, "Well, when you realize you were a sound?
Ed replied, "I'm not a wise song.
Actually, I have an average memory.
Everybody who participated.
"We have trained ourselves to perform these miraculous acts of memory using some ancient techniques, invented about 2,500 years ago in Greece, the same techniques that I used City to memorize their speech, and that the medieval academics used to memorize entire books.
And my reaction was, "Come on. How did I have heard of this before?
We were standing outside of the competition room, and Ed, who is a wonderful and brilliant English English English -- even though a little bit white, he said, "John, you're an American journalist.
Do you know Britney Springs?
And I said, "What? No, why?
Because I would like to teach Britney Spentlemies how to memorize the order on a card of lives in live television in national television.
That would test the world that anybody can do it."
And I said, "Well, I'm not British Spring, but maybe you can teach me.
I mean, you have to start with something no?
And that was the beginning of a very strange journey for me.
I ended up spending most of the year next to not just training my memory, but by doing that, trying to understand how it works, why sometimes it doesn't work, and what it can be their potential.
I met a lot of really interesting people.
This is a man named Europe.
He's a very likely thing with the worst memory in the world.
His memory was so bad that I didn't even remember that I had a memory problem, it's amazing.
Somebody incredibly transition, but it was a window that allows us to see how much our memory makes us who we are.
At the other end of the spectrum, I met this man.
This is Kim Penn. They were based on the role of Design Homo in the "Mandarin Man."
We spent one afternoon together in the public library of Salt Lake City, sending me the motion guides -- it was central.
And by coming back, I read a number of treaties about the writing memory about 2,000 years ago in Latin, in the ancient age in the Middle age.
And I learned a lot of really interesting things.
One of the most interesting things I learned is that there was a time that this idea of having trained memory, discipline and culture was not a thing as rare as it can look like today.
A lot of time ago, people invest in their memory, and they will slowly provide their minds.
These techniques have made our modern world, but they also have changed.
They've been culturally changed, and I would say that they've changed us as well.
As we already have no need to remember, sometimes it seems that we've forgotten how to do it.
One of the last places in our planet where they still find people passionate about this idea of a trained memory, diplomacy and culture is this kind of significant competition of memory.
It's actually not so number, there are comments like this across the world.
I was fascinated -- I wanted to know how these people do.
A few years ago, a group of researchers from the University College of London invited a group of memory champions in the lab.
They wanted to know: Is it going to have brains in a way, structural or astounding different than the rest of us?
The answer was, no.
Are they more intelligent than the rest?
They gave them a cognitive test battery, and the answer was really not.
There was yet a really interesting and significant difference between the brains of memory champions and the control subjects that they bought them.
When they put them in a MRI machine, they launched their brains while they memorize numbers, faces and forms of snow charities. They found that in the memory camps, they were lit out of the brain, different than others.
They were actually used, or they seemed to use, a part of the brain that involves space and nanotechnology memory.
Why? Is there something we can learn from this?
The board of competitive memory is made as an armed career where every year comes up with somebody with a new way to remember more things, faster, and then the rest of the competitors should be put to the day.
This is my friend Ben Primate, three times a memory of memory.
In his desk, in front of it, there are 36 disasters of messy nanometers that he's about to try to memorize in an hour, using a technique that he invented and that just dominated.
He used a similar technique to memorize the precise order of 454,000 random binary displays.
In half a hour. Yeah.
And as there is a great number of ways to remember things in these competitions, all the techniques used in the end, they reduce a single concept that psychologists call electrical code."
It illustrates with a conflict standard classification like Bayle Para, Bald says this: I tell two people that remember the same word. I say to you, remember, there's a man named Baby."
That's his name.
Then I ask you, remember, there's a ball one."
And when I go back later, and I ask them, "Do you remember that word that I told you a caterone?
Remember what it is?
The person who was told that his name is Baker is a little bit likely to remember the same word that he was told that his work is "batheint."
Same word, different memory skills, that's weird.
What happens here?
Well, the name Baby, it doesn't really mean anything for you.
With all the other memories they dance for his head.
But the word, "base." We have panels.
They use white hats.
They have in your hands.
They smell when they go home to work.
We probably know some pandemic.
And when we heard that word for the first time, we started putting attacking statistical standards to get them in a very long time.
One of the most elaborate techniques to do this is about 2,500 years ago in the ancient Greece.
It's known as the steady of memory."
The story says this: There was a poet called the Sitting and a Barack state.
They had controlled him as an entertainment, because if you wanted to give a very good party, it didn't go to a Doo, you would hire a poet.
He stood up with her memory poem, and he got married, and so soon it was going, the apple room is collapsed.
Tell them all.
But not only killed everybody, but I destroyed the bodies by letting them release.
No one could say who was there, nobody could remember where they were sitting there.
So they could not fix the bodies.
A tragedy behind the other.
Similaries, standing outside, only survival, in the middle of the erasis, closed the eyes and realized that with the eyes of his mind, I could see where I was sitting in every invented.
I took the families in the hand carrying them to where they were their loved ones between the rubble.
What synchronizes at that moment is something that we all know more or less intuitively, and it's no matter if we're not good at remembering names or phone numbers or instructions for word of our colleagues, we have visual memory and exceptional memory.
If I asked them to give me the first 10 words of the story that I just told you about Siministrations, it's very likely to do it very hard to do it.
But I would bet that if you asked them to say who was sitting on the horse for brown brown in his lobby, they would be able to fly it.
The idea of the memory of memory is to create this building with your eyes and to put it out of images with the things that you want to remember -- how much more mad, it discovered, and the more unamburged and spectrum is the image, more likely to be.
This is a advice that comes from over 2,000 years ago, to the first treated memory of memory, in Latin.
And how does it work?
We say you have been invited to the TED stage to give a talk and you want to do it by memory, in the same way that I had done Christian if you were invited to TEDTalk about 2,000 years ago.
What you could do is imagine that they're on the door of your house.
And to make some kind of an absolutely ridiculous, crazy and unambiguous image to help them remember that the first thing you want to mention is that completely inspired competition.
And then you can imagine entering your house, and you can see the Galapagos of the Galapagos mounted about Mister Ed.
And that would remind you that they want to present your friend Ed Cooa.
And then you would see British Speeds to remind them that funny anecdote that you want to say.
And then they would go into the kitchen, and the fourth theme that they would talk about would be that strange journey that they did for a whole year, and they have some friends to help them remember it.
This is how the Roman speakers memorize their speech, not a word for word, which is going to confuse them, but typical by typical tissue.
In fact, the term tank title, comes from the Greek Google: which means "sure?
It's a vessel of when people think of the orbit and the rhetoric with this kind of space terms.
The phrase in the first place, it would be like the first place in his memory stick.
I saw that this was just amazing, and I got back in that.
I went to some of these memory competitions, and I had the idea of writing something weird about this subject of competitive memorials.
But there was a problem.
The problem was that a memory competition is a potentially boring event.
And seriously, it's like seeing a lot of people sitting by taking tests. I mean, that the most exciting thing that happens is when someone is scared at the front.
I'm a journalist and I need to be able to write about something.
I know there are amazing things happening in the minds of these people, but I don't have access.
I realized that if I was going to tell this story, I needed to try to put it in his place.
So I started spending 15 or 20 minutes every morning, before I sit down to see the New York Times, just trying to remember something.
Maybe a poem. Or the names of an old school analysis bought in a full market.
And I found that this was surprisingly training.
She had never expected it to be.
It was an interest, because it wasn't just about training memory.
What is actually trying to do is improve the capacity to make the ability to create and imagine these ridiculous images, comic images, prostitution, institutions, and absolutely an eye of the mind.
I was pretty pleased with this.
This is me, using my standard training team for memory competition.
It's a couple of holes and some security gases with tape leaving only two holes, because the discussion is the worst enemy of a memory competition.
I ended up coming back to the same contest I had covered a year before, I had the idea that I could go in, in a kind of participatory expertise.
I thought this might be a good clip for all my research.
The problem was that the experiment came out of control.
And I won the competition -- something that didn't have to happen.
Of course it's nice to be able to memorize speeches and numbers of phone and prints -- but actually this is not the point.
These are just theoretical.
Because they are based on pretty basic principles about how the brain works.
And it is not necessary to be able to build the pandemics of memory or memorize names of numbers -- to benefit with a little bit of proposition about how their minds work.
We often talk about people with a great memory as if it would be an innate gift -- but it's not the case.
The big memories are educated.
The most basic level, we remember when we pay attention.
We remember when we are deeply concentrated.
Memory palm. These memory techniques are just attacks.
In fact, they're not even true.
They work because they make us work.
They force some kind of deep processing -- a full attention sort of attention that most of the majority is not going to go through there.
But the reality is there are no attacks.
That's how things get memory.
And if there is something that I want to leave you today, it's what E.U. that I couldn't even remember that I had a memory problem, I left to me, which is the notion that life is the sum of our memories.
How much are we willing to lose what is already our existence in the Blue or iPhone, not paying attention to the human being in front of us, who walks to our side. We will be so short that we don't even bother ourselves to process in deep?
I learned from first hand that there are incredible memory capacity in all of us.
But if you want to live a memorable life, you have to be the kind of person that remembers to remember.
Thank you.
Today I'll talk to you about the last 30 years of the history of architecture.
It's a lot to cover in 18 minutes.
It's a complex topic, so we will take a complex place, New Jersey.
Because 30 years ago, I am New Jersey, I was six years old and lived there in my parents' home in a town called Limbunt, and this was my child bedroom.
On the corner, from my bedroom, I was the bathroom that shared my sister.
And between my bedroom and the bathroom, there was a bullet that gave the living room.
And there you all had the reason looking at the cloth. So every time I went from my room to the bathroom, everyone looked at me, and every time I went back and wrapped in a towel.
And I was this.
It was torone, insects and hated it.
He hated that walk, hated that ball, hated that room and that house.
That's architecture.
All right.
Those feelings, those emotions that I felt -- that is the power of architecture because architecture is not about math, nor of areas, but of those visual connections, emotional connections, that we feel in the places that we accumulate.
And it's not surprising that we felt like that, because according to the Environmental Protection Agency  Americans spend 90 percent of their time under roof.
But it is, 90 percent of the time are surrounded by architecture.
That's a lot.
Architecture determines us in ways that we don't even realize it.
That makes us a little bit and very, very predictable.
And this means that when I show you a building like this, I know what you do -- think of power, stuff and democracy."
And I know you think about it so that you get in a building building a 2,500 years ago.
This is a trick.
It's a purpose that uses architects to create an emotional connection with the ways we build our buildings.
It's a predictable emotional connection -- we've used this trick for a long time, long time.
We use it 200 years ago to build banks.
We use it in the 19th century to build art museum.
And in the 20th century in the U.S., we use it to build houses.
Look, these stable students, solid solidays, in front of the sea, removed from the elements.
This is very, very useful, because building things is attractive.
It's expensive, it takes a long time and it's very complicated.
The people who build -- the transplants and the governments, always are afraid of innovation, and they prefer to use ways that you know they're going to work.
So we met with buildings like this.
It's a nice building.
It's the Public Public Library that was ended up in 2004, in my hometown, and, you know, it has a copy, you have this round thing, columns -- red clouds, which let Life what Living is trying to communicate with this building," the children, the values, the story.
But it doesn't have a lot to do with a library of today.
That same year, in 2004, on the other side of the country, the other library is done, which looks like this.
It's in Seattle.
This library shows how we use media in the digital era.
It's a new kind of public equipment for the city, a place to use, read and share.
So how is it possible in the same year, in the same country, two buildings, both called librarians, are so completely different?
And the answer is that architecture works on the beginning of the public.
On one side is innovation, the architects that constantly drive new technologies, new blocks, new solutions for the forms of life today.
So let's improve and drive so much, that we get completely away from people.
All of black, this determines us, you think we feel that we feel very well, but we are dead inside because we don't have another choice.
We need to go to the other side and come back to connect with those symbols right now.
So we do it, and we are all happy, but we feel like transportations, so we started to experiment again, we make the power of the back in the back, over and over again -- so we've done it in the last 30 years, and of course, in the last 30 years.
Well, 30 years ago, we went out of the '70s.
The architects were busy experimenting with the so-called reporting.
It has to do with the shadow.
That can be guess.
Small windows -- documentary scale.
Something really hard.
So we come up to the '80s, and we started to incorporate those symbols.
Let's push the word back in the other direction.
We take those forms that we know as we like and we use them.
We added name and we add steps and we use new materials.
They love it.
We don't get away.
We took the Computer summers, and we put them in skyscrapers that can be silent cartoons made of glass.
The shapes are blowing up, they won in audacity and color.
The nodes became a column.
The crimes grew up to the size of buildings.
crazy.
But it was the '80s, that was great.
We all spend the rat in commercial cells, we move into the neighborhoods, and there, in the suburbs, we can create our own architectural fantasy.
Those fantasy could be to medical meditation, the French or the Italian.
Probably with a bunch of bread.
This is what happens with position.
This is what happens with symbols.
They're easy, they are cheap, because instead of creating new spaces, we remember memories from other places.
I know very well, and you all know, this is not the Tom.
This is Ohal.
The architects feel frustrated and we started making a parallel back in the other direction.
In the '80s and early '90s, we started experimenting with the devil device.
We discuss the historical symbols, we now have a new deal of new design techniques and we have a new composers, some ways that are crashing against other ways.
This is academic and embryonic, and it's super popular. One is completely exclusively.
Normally, the word flow again in the opposite direction.
But then something amazing happened.
In 1997, this building.
It's the Billie Geographic of Brazil Germany.
This building changed the relationship of the world with architecture.
Paul Guardian said that Bilbao was one of those weird moments when I was critical, academic and general public in general, they were completely according to a building.
The New York Times did this miracle construction.
The tourism in Bilbao came up at a 2,500 percent when they finished the building.
So suddenly, everybody wanted one of those buildings, Los Angeles, Seattle, Chicago, New York, Centrine, Edge.
Everybody wanted one, and George was everywhere.
He was our first star architect.
But how is it possible that these shapes and wild and radical, how is it possible that they become phones around the world?
And it happened, because the media got attracted around them, and we quickly learned that those shapes meant culture and turbine.
And we've created an emotional reaction with these forms.
The same thing did the main applications of the world.
So everybody believed that if they had these forms, they had culture and touch.
This phenomenon of the new millennials country with other architects star.
He went to Jay and Liberia, and what happened with these few elite architects in the threshold of the new millennium, actually started going through all the architecture, digital media began to increase the speed of information consumption.
Think for example, how do you consume architecture.
A thousand years ago, they had to have walked to the next town to see a building.
Trap accepts apart, you can take a boat, an airplane, can be tourists.
The technology reads. You can see in the newspapers, in TV, and in the end, we're all photographers of architecture, and the building is going beyond their physical location.
Architecture is everywhere, that means that the speed of communications finally has reached the speed of architecture.
Because architecture moves so fast.
It's not really accurate to think about a building.
It takes a lot of time to build a building, three or four years old, and in that time, an architect can design two, eight, or 100 buildings, before I know where I designed four years ago was a success or not.
Because there's never been good feedback in architecture.
That's how we met with buildings like this.
The border was not a two-year-old movement but 20 years old.
For 20 years, we were building buildings like this because we had no idea how much they showed them.
That's never going to happen. I think, because we're in the largest revolution threshold in architecture from the invention of the concrete or the steel or the attachment, and it's the media revolution.
My theory is that when the media applies to media, it starts speaking faster and faster and faster and faster to be at both extremes in both of us, and it is effectively depressed the difference between innovation and symbol, between us, architects, and you have the public.
We can now make a little bit of installation symbols, emotional charge of something completely new.
I'm going to show you how the system works.
We were accepted to replace this building that was insight.
This is the center of a village called Pins in Fire Island, in the state of New York.
It's a combination community.
But that meant that two years before the building was over, it was already part of the community, and as the drawings seemed exactly the way, there were no surprise.
The building turned to be part of the community. That first summer, when people started to come and share it in social media, the building left from being a building, it became a media of communication, because these are not just images of a building, it's the images that you did from the building.
And as you use them to tell your story, they become part of the personal narrative -- and that makes you circuits with collective memory, and when you charge these symbols.
I mean, we don't need the Greeks to tell us how to think about architecture.
We can tell ourselves what we think about architecture, because digital media has not only changed the relationship between us, but they have changed the relationship between us and the buildings.
Think about a second in those libraries of Liveron.
If that building is built today, first of all, we went to the Internet in search for new biosphere."
We'd be bombarded with examples of experiment, of innovation, about what it can be a library.
That's problems.
Municipal that you can take the mayor of Liveron, people of reviews, and tell them that there is no unique answer to what can be a library today.
Let's be part of this.
This abundance of solutions gives the freedom of experiencing it.
It's all different now.
architects are no longer those mysterious creatures that use local words and complicated, and you're no longer a developed audience that doesn't accept something that you haven't seen before.
The architects can listen, and you don't let the architecture.
That means that the flash of one style to another, from one movement to another, is irrelevant.
In fact, we can continue to go ahead and find right solutions to the problems that are facing society.
This is the end of the history of architecture, and it means that the buildings in the morning will be very different from the buildings today.
This means that a public space in the former city of Silicon can be unique and adapted to the measure of a modern city.
This means that a stadium in Brooklyn can be that, a state in Brooklyn, and not a bad historical mimic of red brick from the ideas of what should be a stadium.
This means that a few robots could be able to build our buildings, because we will finally be ready for the ways you're going to produce.
That means buildings are attached to nature capitals and not the opposite.
This means that a parking garage in Miami Beach, Florida, can also serve to make sports or for touch, or even one can get married there at night.
This means that three architects can dream at the East River of New York City and record half a million dollars of the community together around that cause, it's no longer a client alone.
It means that no building is too small for innovation, like this little piece of registers, so muscle and open as the animals that are going to see.
Because no longer matters if it's a cow or a robot who builds our buildings.
It doesn't matter how we build, what matters is what we build.
The architects already know how to make more ecological buildings, more intelligent and more anxiety.
We've been waiting for all of you.
Finally, we're not in opposite side.
They find an architect, control and work together to make better buildings, better cities, for a better world, because there's a lot of play.
buildings not only reflect our society, but they give them way to the smallest spaces, the local library, the homes where we form our children, and the step of the drawing to the bathroom.
Thank you very much.
This is my niece, Steve.
He just turned a year and started walking.
And it does this great way, typical of the children of a year, looking at it, as if his body was moving too fast for their legs.
It's totally accurate.
And one of the things that I like to do at the moment is to look at the mirror.
She really loves his reflection.
It's laughing and chemical, and it gives itself those big banks and markets.
It's beautiful.
And apparently, all of his friends do this and my mom would tell me that I used to do it, and he asked me to think, "When do I do this?
How is it that all of a sudden we are not as a way with our appearance?
Because apparently, we don't like it.
Every month, 10,000 people look at Google, "Am I fat?
This is Fake, he's 13 years old and lives in Denge.
And as any teenagers, it just wants to be loved and find.
It's Sunday.
It's preparing for next week in school.
It has a little bit of fear, it's a little confused because, even though his mom tells him the whole thing that it's beautiful, every day in school, somebody says it's ugly.
Between what his mom tells you and what your friends say and what your friends, or school classmates say, doesn't know who to believe.
So he does a video of it itself, publishes it in YouTube, and ask others to please leave a comment, "Am I a fair?
Well, so far, Fake has received over 13,000 comments.
Some of these are so desperate that he doesn't even deserve thinking about them.
We talked about a healthy adolescent, normal and correct, which gets these answers in one of the stages of their most emotional life.
Thousands of people are publishing videos like this, in their vast teenage girls trying to communicate in this way.
But what is it taking to do this?
Well, today's teenagers are almost never alone.
They're under pressure of being online and available all the time, talking, channel, giving me like it, start, sharing, publishing, this is never over.
We've never been that connected before, in a continuous way, so young people.
As a mother said, "It's like there's a party in his fourth every night.
There's just no privacy.
And the social pressures that go from hand with that are implicated.
This environment, to being always connected, is sweeping our kids to confuse based on the number of "I like that they have and the kinds of comments they get.
There is no divide between a life online and real life.
It's really hard to know the differences between what's real or what it isn't.
And also, it's very hard to know the difference between what is authentic and what is digitally manipulated in it.
What is the scariest thing in someone in front of what is normal in a daily context?
And where are they looking for inspiration?
Well, you can see the kind of images that are taken from the news of the girls now.
The model store models continue to dominate our past.
The tech technique is now a routine.
And trends like, "Mastifid, Marmonia, drug and stranger.
For those of you who know it, standard means "great."
These trends are associated with women in the popular culture of today.
It's not hard to see what young people are.
But kids are not immune to this.
Like the support stars of the sport, and the remote singers of the sporting state.
But what is the problem with all this?
Well, we certainly want our kids to grow healthy sandwiches and be extraordinary individuals.
But in a culture obsessed by the image, we're teaching our children to spend more time and mental effort to their appearance, the price of all other aspects of their identity.
Things like their relationships, the development of their physical skills, their studies and other aspects begin to suffer.
Six of every 10 girls prefer not to do something because they think you don't see the very beautiful thing.
These are not trivial activity.
These are fundamental activities for its growth as human beings and as contributes to society and the field of labor development.
31 percent, almost one of three teenagers are not interested in the classroom, they avoid participating in the classroom debates because they don't want to call the attention for their physical act.
One of the five are not laughing at all of the time during the days when they don't feel comfortable about it.
And in the testing season, if you don't think you see you enough well, especially if you don't think you're thin enough, you get a better note to the average of your fellow partners who don't worry about that of the appearance.
And this phenomenon has been generated in Finland, United States and China.
And it is regardless of what actually weigh these young people.
So in order to be fine of course, we're talking about how you see you, not how you really are.
The low self-esteem on your body is delivered academic performance.
And it's also taking the health.
The teenagers with little self-esteem do less physical activity, eat less fruit and vegetables participate in more no healthy diet than they can take them to a food disorder.
They have low self-esteem.
They're more easily influenced by the people who surround them and they're in greater risk of depression.
And we think that's all about what makes decisions more risky, like alcohol and drugs, drug diet, static surgery, sexual relationships to early ages, and without protection and all absorbing damage.
The pursuit of the perfect body is providing the health system, and our government costs billions of dollars every year.
And we're not controlling it.
Women who believe they have again, regardless of whether or not they have greater rates of answers.
The 17 percent of women are not given to a job interview in one day that they don't feel secure with the way they look like.
So think about what this is doing to our economy.
If we could overcome this, what would that be?
Freedom this potential is of interest for each of us.
But how do we do that?
Well, speaking by itself, it doesn't take you very far.
Not enough.
If you really want to change things, you have to do something.
And we've learned that there are three key forms. The first one is that we have to get trust in their own body.
We need to help our teenagers develop strategies to overcome the pressure of perfect images and build their self-esteem.
The good news is that there are lots of programs available to do it.
The bad news is that most of these don't work.
I was very surprised when I learned that a lot of well-intentioned programs -- not realizing the situation.
So we need to make sure that the program that our kids follow not just have a positive impact, but also a lasting impact.
And research studies show that the best programs are focused on six key areas -- the first is the influence of family, friends and relationships.
These six aspects are crucial points for anyone willing to provide an education in body self-esteem that works.
An education is fundamental, but we will face this problem requires from each of us to take the rises in the issue, and we're a better model to follow for women and girls in our own lives.
By challenging the current status of how women are seen and mentioned in our circles.
It's not good to tell our politicians in terms of hair, or the size of their fish, or the size of the footprint or the success of a Olympic athlete depends on the fact that it's not a great beauty.
We need to begin to judge people so they are, not as you see.
And all of us can begin by taking responsibility by the kinds of images and comments that we published in our social networks.
We can praise people based on their effort and their actions and not in their appearance.
And let me ask you, when's the last time they had a mirror.
In short, we need to work together as communities, as governments and as businesses, to truly change our culture, so that our children are going to grow by valuing all of their person, valuing inequality, diversity, inclusion.
We have to put people who are actually making the difference in a pediatric.
And to make a difference in the real world, let's make them be the ones that are in the big screen because we just create a different world.
A world where our children are free to become the best version of themselves, where the way they think they can never take them out of who they are, or achieve what they want in their lives.
Think about what this can mean for someone in their lives.
Who are in mind?
His wife is hope?
Your sister is the sister?
To his daughter?
To his soil to his sub-Saharan?
It might be just the woman who is at two different seats -- what would mean for her if it was released from that automatic voice in his interior, which is very much about not having long legs -- more thin and more flat, smaller feet?
What would it mean to do if we were going to figure out this and would we say straight to their potential that way?
Right now, the obsession of our culture with the images is getting us back to everyone.
But let's teach our children.
Let's show that the way you see is just a part of your identity, and that the truth is that we love them for who they are, and what they do, and as they make us feel.
We include self-esteem in our schools.
We change each one of us, the way we talk about and compared to other people.
And we work together like a community, from small groups to governments, so that the little bits of a year of today, they become agents of changing itself tomorrow.
Let's do it.
On November 5 in 1990, a gentleman named Elizabeth to come back to a hotel in Manhattan and murder to the Arab Merree Kalaria, the leader of Defense Department Liberal Labian.
And they were initially going to take it innocent -- but it was prisoners by other minor charges, in the company of others, they started planning attacks to about 12 men in New York, including tunnels and sonians and the headquarters of the United Nations.
Luckily, those plans were frustrated by an FBI informant influence.
Sadly, the 1930s bomb in the World Trade Center, couldn't avoid it.
Later we would be convicted by their participation in that tank.
Elizabeth is my father.
I was born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, in 1983, being an Egyptian engineer, with a lovely American mother, the primary school teacher, between the two they did everything to give me a happy childhood.
Just when I was seven years old, our family started to change.
My father taught me a form of Islam -- that very few -- including most Muslims -- get to know.
For experience, I saw that when people take time to interact, it doesn't require a lot to get to wish the same things in life.
However, in all of religion, in all human group, there's always a small fraction of people who are so sick to their consciousness that you think we have to use all of the possible media for everyone to live as them.
A few months before the arrest was sat with me, and he explained to me that in the last few weeks, he and some friends, had been going to the task training in Long Island to practice.
He told me that I would go with him the next day.
We got to the track of the trade California, which without knowing our group -- I was caught by the FBI.
When I turned to me, my father helped me hold the rifle. In the shoulder and explained to me how to ask the goal to about 30 meters.
That day, with the last bullet that I shot to the little orange light on the goal, and for the surprise of everyone, especially me, all the goal that was in flames.
My uncle turned to others and in Arabic, he said, "Audience: Abrogan.
As a parent, a child.
All of the comments made them very much laughter, but just a few years later, I understood what they were so funny.
You saw in me, the same level of destruction that my father could happen.
Those people later would be convicted by putting up a cartoon with 700 pounds of explosions in the underground parking of the north Trade Center, causing an explosion that killed six people and went to another 1,000.
I admired those men.
He called them "mammal, meaning you.
When I turned 19, I had been moved 20 times. That instability during my childhood was not allowed to do a lot of friends.
Every time I started feeling comfortable about somebody already time to expand and go to another city.
As I was always my new face of the class with recently materialistic vaccine.
I was able to secret my identity to try to be the white, but it will be the new one of the classroom, quiet and reduction, was enough music.
So most of the time happened in home reading books, watching TV or playing video games.
For these reasons I didn't develop social skills, to say it as well as to grow up for family, was not prepared for the real world.
I was educated to judge people, based on arbitrary indicators like their race or their religion.
So how could I open your eyes?
One of the first experiences that I put on a test of thinking was during the presidential elections of 2000.
In a university program where I participated in the National National Convention, in Philadelphia.
My group was focused on the subject of youthful violence, as I had been victims of matter almost all my life, it was something that I felt much easy.
The members of this group come from various processes.
One day, to the end of the situation, I found that one of the kids who we had done friendship was Jewish.
I took a number of days to go to light this detail and realized that there was no animal between the two.
I never had a Jewish friend before, and frankly I felt very proud to have been able to see the barrier that all life had been made to believe that it was an unexpected.
Another crucial moment came up when I got a summer job in Bush Gardens, a particular park.
I found people of all kinds of beliefs and culture. That experience became fundamental about the development of my character.
All of life had taught me that homosexuality was a sin and by extension, all of us Americans were bad influence.
By chance, I had the opportunity to work with gay actors there, in a show, and I could see that several of them were the most final and less critical I had seen in life.
Having been used by child -- it took a sense of empathy towards the suffering of others, but it wasn't easy to me to treat women, exactly the way I would want to be treated.
For that feeling I could hire the stereotypes that had taught me of a child, with the experience of interaction in real life.
I don't know what it is to be human being, but I know what it is to be judge by something beyond my control.
Then he came the Dalai Show."
All night, Jon Stewart made me inherently honest about my interactions, and helped me see that the race of people, religion or sexual orientation, have nothing to do with the character.
And in many ways, he became my website in a moment where I was desperately looking at it.
In times, inspiration can come from the unexpected, and that a Jewish comedian would have had a better influence in my life than my own father, extreme, was not in vain.
One day I had a conversation with my mother about how I was changing my thinking, and she told me something that I would believe in my heart forever, while he's alive.
She looked at me with the eyes tired of someone who has suffered enough with endless domestics, and he said, "I'm tired of dairy."
And at that time, I realized how much negative energy you need to keep the whole hatred inside your inside.
My real name is not Zay Eggenative.
I changed it when my family decided to break the relationship with my father and start a new life.
So why decided to go out and put me in a possible risk?
Well, it's simple.
I have done it because I hope somebody else is trying to take violence, I can hear my story and understand that there's a better way -- that even though I was connected to this violent and intensive ideology -- I didn't get to make me fantastic.
On the contrary, I decided to use my experience to fight terrorism and against the pressures.
I do it by the victims of terrorism and for their loved ones, because of the terrible pain and the losses that terrorism has been produced in their lives.
From the victims of terrorism will talk about those acts without sense, as I reject my father's actions.
With this simple I'm exposed here as a proof that violence is not inherent to no religion or race, that children don't have to follow the paths of their parents.
I am not my father.
Thank you.  Thank you.  Thank you.  Thank you very much.
Right now, there's a film that is projected in your minds.
It's an incredible military movie.
It's in 3D, and it has recurrent sound of what you hear and you see right now, but that's just the beginning.
Your movie has a sheep, flavor and texture.
You feel your body, your pain, your famine, your pleasure.
It has emotions, anger and happiness.
It has memories, like moments of your childhood who are projected before your eyes.
And it has constantly a supermassive voice in your conscious thinking.
The heart of the movie is that you experience everything in the right.
This film is your consciousness, the subject of the experience of mind and the world.
Consciousness is one of the fundamental truths of human being.
Each one of us is conscious.
We all have an internal movie of you, you, you and you.
There's nothing we know more directly.
At least, I know I have a consciousness.
I have no certainty that you are conscious.
Consciousness is also the reason of living.
If we weren't aware of it, nothing in our lives would make sense or value.
But at the same time is the most mysterious phenomenon of the universe.
Why are we conscious?
Why do we have these internal films here?
Why are we not just robots that we receive to produce outcomes without experiencing the movie internal?
At this point, nobody knows the answers to those questions.
I suggest that to integrate consciousness to science, you need some radical ideas.
Some people say it's impossible for a science of consciousness.
Science, by nature, is goal.
Consciousness, by nature, is subjective by nature.
So there can never be a science of consciousness.
Because for almost the 20th century, we will predict that vision.
And psychology studied the behavior of the behavior, and the neuroscience was studying the brain, but no one mentioned consciousness.
Even 30 years ago, when TED started, there were very few scientific jobs about consciousness.
Then, 20 years ago, it all started to change.
neuroscientists like Francis Crick and physicists like Roger Pennsylvania said, now it's the time for science to be about consciousness."
And since then, there was a real explosion of the scientific work about consciousness.
And this work was fantastic. It was great.
But it also has fundamental constraints to the moment.
The center of the science of consciousness in recent years was the pursuit of correlations between some areas of the brain and some states of consciousness.
We saw some of this kind of great work that Nancy Karn presented a few minutes ago.
We now understand a lot better, for example, the areas of the brain that are related to the conscious experience of seeing faces or feeling pain or feeling happy.
But this is still a correlation science.
It's not a science of explanation.
We know that these areas of the brain are related to certain kinds of conscious experiences, but we don't know why.
I'd like to explain to you that this kind of work of neuroscience answers some questions that we want it to explain consciousness -- the questions about what they do certain areas of the brain and how they correlate to.
But in a sense, those are the easy problems.
I don't have to offend neurons.
In fact, there are no easy problems with consciousness.
Well, don't address the real mysterious mystery of this matter, why does everything physical process in the brain have to be accompanied by consciousness.
Why is there a sub-Saharan film?
Right now, we can't understand it.
And you can say, let's take a few years to neuroscience.
It's going to become another emergent phenomenon like the balls, like hurraics, like humans, and we're going to find explanation.
The typical events are all cases of emerging behaviors, how the balls operation, how the hurricane works, how they reproduce them, they adapt and metabolic the living organisms -- they're all questions about the objective function.
That could apply to the human brain to explain some behaviors and the functions of the human brain like a emergent phenomenon, how we walk, how we talked about, how do we play chess -- all these questions about behavior.
But when it comes to consciousness, questions about behavior are among the easy problems.
But the hard problem, is the question of why is it that all behavior is accompanied from a subjective experience?
And here it is, the standard paradigm of the event, the standard paradigm of neuroscience, actually still doesn't have to say.
I'm a heart scientific material.
I want a scientific theory of the automatic automation that works. For a long time, I was beaten the head against the wall looking for a theory of consciousness in terms of physical terms.
But in the end, I came to the conclusion that that didn't work for systematic reasons.
I think we are in this point.
We have a chain of wonderful explanations, great. We used to this -- physics explains chemistry, chemistry explains biology, biology explains part of psychology.
But consciousness doesn't seem to fit up in this scheme.
On the one hand, it's a fact that we're conscious.
On the other hand, we don't know how to accommodate that idea to our scientific view of the world.
I think consciousness, right now, is a kind of anomaly -- something we need to integrate our view of the world, but we don't know how yet yet.
With an anomaly like this, you can need radical ideas, I think we need ideas that will be lower, before we can deal with consciousness in a scientific way.
There are some possibilities for those crazy ideas.
My friend Dan Neither, who's here today, has one.
His crazy idea is that there was no hard problem of consciousness.
The whole idea of the internal subjective movie includes a kind of illusion or conference.
Actually, what you need to do, is to explain the objective functions -- the behaviors of the brain, and so you study everything that needs explanation.
Well, more power for him.
That is the kind of radical idea that we need to explore if we want to have a theory of consciousness purely reduction, based on the brain.
At the same time, for me, and for many others, that vision is pretty close to just deny that the observation of consciousness is satellite.
But I am in a different direction.
In the time I left, I want to explore two crazy ideas that I think can be promised.
The first crazy idea is that consciousness is critical.
Physicists sometimes take some aspects of the universe like fundamental launches, space, time and mass.
They put fundamental laws that governments, like gravity laws or quantum mechanics.
These fundamental laws and properties are not explained in terms of anything more basic.
Instead, they were considered fundamental and the world is constructed.
Sometimes the list of the fundamental states.
In the 19th century, Mahar found that you can't explain the electronic phenomena in terms of fundamental proportions, space, time, mass, Newton laws, and then I put the basic law of electromagnetics, and I put the electrical charge like a fundamental concept that those laws govern government.
I think that's the situation that we find with consciousness.
If you can't explain consciousness in terms of fundamental intense ideas, space, time, mass, charge, so for a matter of logic -- you have to save the list.
The most natural thing would be to put consciousness itself as a fundamental thing, a fundamental brick of nature.
This doesn't mean that suddenly it's not the object of science.
It opens up the road to make it scientifically.
So what we need is to study fundamental laws that govern consciousness, laws that connect the awareness with other fundamental concepts, space, time, mass processes.
The physicists sometimes say that we want fundamental laws so simple that we put them into a regime.
The situation of consciousness is something like this.
We want to find fundamental laws so simple that we can estimate in a t-shirt.
We still don't know what laws are, but that's what we looked for.
The second crazy idea is that consciousness can be universal.
Every system can have a degree of consciousness.
This vision sometimes is called "spaces: "Professor for everyone, "special for mind, every system is conscious -- not only humans, the dogs, the mice, the flies, even the microbes of Rob Ninguano, the elementary particles.
Even a picture has some degree of consciousness.
The idea is not that pictures are smart or they think.
It is not that a post can be filled with anti-performance when he says, "Oh, always traveling at the speed of light.
I never can deliver and smell the restrictions."
No, no.
But the thought is that maybe the photons can have some kind of crude feeling -- support, some primitive progress of consciousness.
This may sound a little crazy for you.
How did anybody think so crazy?
This comes from the first crazy idea, which consciousness is a fundamental thing.
If it's fundamentally like space, time and mass, it's natural to assume that it can also be universal, just like others.
It's also worth noticing that even though the idea seems identical, it is much less for the people in different cultures, where the human mind seems more about with nature.
A deeper reason comes from the idea that perhaps the simplest and powerful way of finding fundamental laws that relate to the thinking with physical process, is linking consciousness with information.
Whenever there is information processing, there's consciousness.
Complex information processing, like in a human being, complex consciousness.
Simple information, simple awareness.
Something really exciting is that in the recent years a neuroscientist, Gillian Tony, took this kind of theory and developed it in recording material methods.
It has a mathematical measure of information integration -- which is called book, which measures the degree of information in a system.
And it's supposed to do with consciousness.
So in a human brain, there is an incredible degree of information integration of information, a high consequence, a lot of consciousness.
In a mouse there is a average degree of information integration -- very significant.
But when you get to the lensus, microbes -- particles -- the drug grade.
The information level of information is lower, but it's not zero either.
In the Tonight theory, there will still be a different level of close awareness.
It actually provides a fundamental law of consciousness, high degrees of chicken, high degrees of consciousness.
Also, another reason is that psychologist can help us integrate awareness to the physical world.
Physicians and philosophers often have observed that physics is curiously abstract.
It describes the structure of reality using a lot of equations, but it doesn't talk to us about the reality that underlies below.
As Stephen Hawking, where does the fire get stand?
From the view of the view the equations of physics can be left as they are, but you can use it to describe the flow of consciousness.
That's what physicists do basically do they describe the flow of consciousness.
According to this vision, consciousness is the one that makes it fire in the equations.
In that vision, consciousness is not found out of the physical world as a kind of addiction.
It's right there in the center.
This vision, I think, photographic vision, has the potential to map our relationship with nature, and it can have pretty serious social consequences.
Some people can be ideal.
I used to think that I shouldn't eat anything that had consciousness, then it had to be vegetable.
If you're a school and you accept that vision, you will have a lot of hungry.
I think that I'm thinking about it, this tends to transform your views, while what matters in ethical terms and moral constitutions, is not so much the fact of consciousness, but their importance and its complexity.
It's also natural to ask for consciousness in other systems, like computers.
What about the Amazon artificial intelligence system in the Hitchem movie.
Is it conscious?
According to the view of positive information, she has a complicated information processing, so that the answer is yes, if it's conscious.
If this is right, you put very serious ethical problems about the ethical development of smart computer systems and the ethics of turning it.
Finally, you can ask for the awareness of complete collections, the planet.
Does Canada have their own consciousness?
Or a more local level, an integrated group, as the audience in a TED Talk. Right now we have a TED collective consciousness, an internal movie for this full TED group, different from the internal movies of each of the parts?
I don't know the answer to that question, but I think at least it's a question that needs to be done.
So, this personal view is a radical vision, and I don't know if it's right.
I'm actually safer from the first crazy idea, that consciousness is a fundamental thing, that the second one is universal.
The vision raises a lot of questions, many challenges, like, how do those bits of thinking contribute to the kind of complex consciousness that we know and love.
If we can answer those questions, then I think we go through the right way to a theory of serious awareness.
If not, well, it's probably the hardest problem of science and philosophy.
We can't wait to solve it overnight.
But I think we will finally try to find out.
Understanding consciousness is the real key, I think, to understand the universe and to understand ourselves.
Maybe we just need the crazy idea.
Thank you.
I grew up in a little rural village in Victoria.
It had a very normal profile, a low school profile.
I went to school, I had my friends, I fought my younger sisters.
It was all very normal.
And when I was 15 years old, a member of my community came up to my parents because I wanted to combine for a community prize.
And my parents said, "Well, that's very nice, but there is an obvious problem.
She hasn't actually gotten anything."  And they were right.
I went to school, I had good grades. After school, I had a low profile in my mother, and I spent a lot of time looking at the "Business Sea the Valley Standards?
Yes, I know it. What contracts.
But they were right.
I didn't do anything that was extraordinary at all.
Nothing that can be considered as a achievement.
And years later, being in the second part of teaching in a high school school in Meling, just after about 20 minutes in the 11 class of legal studies a man raised his hand and said, "Hey, when's your discussion?
I said, "What discussion?
Well, I had been talking to you about the law of difficulty for a good 20 minutes.
And he said, "You know, your motivation speech.
When people in the wheelchair, talk about inspiring things in school?
"Just like the act of actions."
And it was then when I realized, this kid had had experiences with people with disabilities like inspiration objects.
And it's not. And it's not about the boy, I mean, that's true for many of us.
For us, people with disability are not our teachers or our doctors or our mangolorans.
We're not real people. We're there to inspire it.
And in fact, I'm in this stage looking at what I do in this wheelchair -- and you're probably waiting for you to inspire you. Right?  Yeah.
Well, ladies and gentlemen, I'm afraid to make it striking.
I'm not here to inspire you.
I'm here to tell you that they have lied to disability.
Yes, we have sold the lie that disability is something bad. A male, My happy.
It's a bad thing and living with a disability makes you remarkable.
It's not a bad thing and it doesn't make any remarkable.
And over the last few years, we've been able to spread even more this lie through media in social media.
You may have seen images like this: "The only disability in life is a bad attitude."
Or this one. "Your excuse is individually: eventually.
Or this one: Before you leave it, intention."
These are just a couple of examples, but there's a lot of them.
It may have seen one, from the girl without hands drawing with a pencil supported by the mouth.
You may have seen a child who ran with open carbon legs.
And there's a lot of these images, which is what we call porn inspiration.
And I use the term properly and I use a group of people for the benefit of another group of people.
So in this case, we turned to the disabled descriptions of people without disabilities.
The purpose of these images is to inspire you to inspire them, so that we can see them and thinking, "Well, for very bad that it was my life, it could be worse.
I could be that person.
But what if you are that person?
I've lost the story of the number of times that have been missing me strangers to want to express that they believe that I'm brave or an inspiration source, and this happens to before my job had a public profile.
It was like I was happy by reading my own name and remember my own name.
These images, those images of people with disability in the benefit of people without disability.
They're there so that you can see them and think that things are not so bad for you, or to put your concerns.
And life as a disabled person is actually something hard.
We used some things.
But the things we overcome are not the things that you can think of.
They're not relative to our bodies.
I use the term "successful people, deliberately because I subscribe to the social model of disability -- that tells us that we are more disabled because of the society that we live because of our bodies or diagnosis.
So I lived in this body for a long time.
I'm very angry with him.
It does the things I need to do, and I've learned to get the best of your ability as you do, and that's what happens to the children of those pictures as well.
They're not doing anything out of common.
They are just using their bodies to get the best of their ability.
So is it really fair to be used in the way we do it, by sharing those pictures?
When people say, "You're a source of inspiration, it says it as a complicated.
And I know why it happens.
It's because of the lie, because it's sold us this lie that disability makes us remarkable.
And honestly, it didn't.
And I know what you're thinking.
I'm here hacking the inspiration and you think, "Oh God, Steve, you're not even inspired by something?
And actually, I know I am.
I learned from other people with disability at all.
However, I don't learn that I'm more lucky than them.
And I learned that this is a great idea to use a little bit of barbecue to pick up the things that are falling down.  I learned the nice trick of how to load the mobile phone battery on the battery of the chair.
Great.
We learn from the force and resistance of others, not against our bodies and our diagnosis, but against a world that is excellent and consumer.
I really believe that that lie that have sold us about disability is the biggest interconnection.
It makes us hard life.
And that quote: "The only disability in life is a bad attitude," the reason that that's lie is because it's not true, because of the social model of disability.
A lot of smiles in front of a scale of stairs has never been becoming a rap.
Never.   Surrender to a TV screen will not make the substances for the deaf people.
Not a lot of people in the middle of a bookstore and serving a positive attitude to turn all those books into the back.
It's just not going to happen.
I want to really live in a world where disability is not exception, but the norm.
I want to live where a 15 year-old girl, sitting in his bedroom watching Bucking the Sister Silent: I don't think I can't deserve any of us to be in a chair.
I want to live in a world where we don't have so low experience of people with disabilities that we're happy to get away from bed and remembering our names in the morning.
I want to live in a world where we value the genuine achievement of people with disabilities and I want to live in a world where a 11 degree in a high school school in Melindi is not a little bit surprised that his new teacher is a wheelchair of wheelchair.
The disability doesn't make us exciting, but to tell you what you think you know about what it does do it.
Thank you.
What do you have to do is augmented reality and professional football, with empathy?
And what is the average speed of a reduction without charge?
Unfortunately, today just answer one of those questions, so please don't be disappeared.
When people think really increased, they think about Ministry Repair, and Tom Cruise hiding their hands in the air, but augmented reality is not science fiction.
The augmented reality is something that will happen in our days and to happen because we have the tools for that, and people need to know it, because the fact that they increased our lives as much as the Internet and mobile phones.
So how did we get to the augmented reality?
The first step, is what I'm wearing -- the Google Glass glasses.
I'm sure many people are familiar with them.
What you may not know is that the Google Global is a device that allows them to see what I see.
I'm going to allow you to experience what is a professional advocate in the countryside.
Right now, the only way to be in the field is that I try to describe it.
I have to use words.
I have to create a framework that you will fill with your imagination.
We can use the Google Glass, under a helmet and know what it is to run through the game field at 160 miles, the blood hitting your ears.
We can know that you feel that a man of 110 percent of us, trying to get rid of all its being.
I've been there and I assure you it's not nice.
I bring some videos to show you what is to use the Google Glass, under the helmet and give them an idea of that.
Unfortunately, they're not images of the Protective Practical, because the idea of the electronic technology of emerging technology is a submarine coming up to the surface, but we do what we can.
So let's look at a video.
Chris Kule: Come on.
It's horrible to be taken.
A moment. Let's take a little bit of it.
Prepared presented.
Go!
Chris Kellow." As you can see, it's a proof of what is being charged in the football field from the personal perspective.
You may have realized that people are missing the rest of the team.
We have a video of the University of Washington.
Machine -- Mattermalist 54, mice 44: Matters.
Blue eight, blue eight, go.
Chris Klein," this is a little more about feeling to be in the field, but it has nothing to do with being in the Nellow.
They want that experience.
They want to be in the field, to be their favorite players, and they've asked me in YouTube and in Twitter.
Or a running?
We want to experience that.
Once we have that experience with Google and Google Glass, how do we get from full, how do we take it to the next level?
We took it to that level using something called Ockenders Richard, which probably many people already know.
The Hitchen Richard has been described as the most realistic virtual reality apparatus ever, and it's not border.
And I'm going to teach you why, with this video.
Man: Oh, oh.
No, no, no, I don't want to keep playing. No!
Oh, my God. Ah!
CK: That's the experience of a man on a Russian mountain taking for his life.
What will be the experience of a van when we give a video of Adrian Peter crossing the line, holding up from a keyboard with the arm before you run and do a honorable task."
When it can be Minister running through the corner, launching the ball to the bottom of the network? Or Ferric doing a store in Ling?
What will be your experience when it descended from a mountain to more than 100 miles as an Olympic speech?
Maybe you increase the sales of partners for adults.
But this is not actually augmented reality.
It's just virtual reality, Richard.
How do we get augmented reality, right?
We will reach the augmented reality when the coaches and the markers and the owners see the information of what people want to see and think, "How do we use this to improve our equipment?
How do we use it to win pass?
Because they always use technology to win.
They like to win. It gives you money.
So, here is a brief report about technology in nature.
In 1965, Baltimore Potters put him a seat to their field mill to play faster.
I won the Super Bowl that year.
Other teams decided to imitate them.
More people saw the party because it was more exciting, faster.
In 1994, Nelson placed radio in the salts of the sea markers and after the defense.
They had more spectrums because it was faster.
In 2013, imagine that they are a player coming back to their group and you see his next player in front of you, in a plastic view that you can do -- you won't have to worry about trying to forget a game.
Or to memorize the strategy.
Just go out to the field and react.
And the deserts want it because if you don't follow their instructions, they lose parties, and they hate to lose parties.
If you lose a little bit as a train.
And they don't want that.
But the augmented reality is not just a lot of better strategies.
The augmented reality is also a way of compiling information and using it in real time to improve your particular way to play.
How would you do that?
Well, a very simple option would be having a camera in every corner of the stadium, having a view from the high of the people who are down.
You also get information from the sensors and the accelerometer.
And all that information goes into your players.
The good teams will know to send it.
The bad ones have information space.
This would differentiate the good teams of bad equipment.
So, your team of information will be as important as your receptors, and the analysis of data to stop being just for nerd.
It will be also for sports. Who would have imagined it?
How would it be in the field?
Imagine that they are the factory marriage.
You get the ball and you get back.
You are looking for an open recipient -- suddenly, a square on the left side of your sight puts you that a defense behind you is going to attack you, you don't see it, but the Russian system was arrested.
They move into the protection area.
Another flag is shooting that there is an open receptor.
You throw the whale, but they would melt you.
And the bullet loses the trajectory.
You don't know where to sleep. However, the receptor sees in his view a bar area that lights and can modify the race.
It approaches the ball and runs and to note.
The public publishers and the fans have followed the player from every angle.
This is something that will create a massive emotion in the game.
I will make lots of people see it, because people want to live that experience.
They want to be in the field.
They want to be their favorite player.
Reality will be part of the sports because it's too profitable to not be.
But what I ask you is: do we want this to be the only use of augmented reality.
Are we going to use it only as bread and charge, like our horizontal entertainment.
Because I think we can use it for something else.
I think we can use the augmented reality to foster empathy between human beings, to show someone what it is, literally being in the other person's place.
We know what this technology is worth on the sporting lights.
It generates billions of income a year.
But how much is this technology for a teacher in the classroom trying to show a plane how harmful their actions are from the perspective of victim?"
How much is this technology for a gay in Uganda or Russia trying to show the world how do you live being person?
How much is it for an Academic Communication or a Neil Derekalt TED trying to inspire a generation of children to think more about space and science rather than metaphorical notes and Karmads?
Ladies and gentlemen, the augmented reality is coming.
The questions we do, the decisions that we take and the challenges that we face depend on, like always, from us.
Thank you.
I recently retired after 23 years of service in California Halluy of California.
Most of those 23 years old, I had spent the southern end of the Southern County of Marine County, which includes Gordon Gate.
The bridge is an iconic structure, which is mostly known by their beautiful view of San Francisco, the Pacific Ocean, and its inspiring architectural style.
Unfortunately, it's also an imam for suicide being one of the most used places in the world.
The Golden Gates Bridge was open in 173.
Joseph Strokes, the chief head of building the bridge -- he said that, "The bridge is practically for suicide evidence.
Supplier from the bridge is not practice or probably."
But from his openness, over 1,600 people have jumped their death from that bridge.
Some of you think that traveling between the two towers will bring them into another dimension -- this bridge has been defined as a but every single since it frees you from all your concerns and pain, and the waters that go under clean your soul.
But let me tell you that when the bridge is used to commit suicide.
After one every free of four to five seconds, the body is hitting against water about 120 miles an hour.
The impact breaks the bones -- some of which are very vital organs.
Most people die in the impact.
The ones that don't normally lie in the helpless water, and then they're storytelling.
I don't think that the people who control this method of suicide are aware of the death of the death that they will face.
This is the wire.
Except about the two towers, there are 32 inches of steel steel to the bridge.
This is where most people have before to take away life.
I can tell you that once the person is in that edge, and at its darkest moment, it's very hard to bring it back.
I took this picture last year while this young man was talking to an officer by controlling his life.
I want to tell you with joy that we were successful that day to bring it back on the ball.
When I started working on the bridge, we didn't have any formal training.
We fought to channel the path through these calls.
This was not just a bad service to those who commit suicide, but the officials as well.
We've run a long way since then.
Today, vegetable and psychological officers train new options.
This is Jason Garden.
I met it on July 22 last year when I got a call from a possible supernova subject sitting in the heart near the center.
I said, and when I came up, I saw Jason talking to an official from the Golden Gate.
Jason was only 32 years old, and I had flown up to here from New Jersey.
In fact, I was flying down here two times before New Jersey to try to suicide from this bridge.
After about an hour talking to Jason, we were asked if we knew the story of the Pandora's box.
remembering the Greek mythology Greek, Zerovas created Parameter, and he sent her to the Earth with a box, and he said, "You know, you never open that box.
Well, one day, the curiosity could more than Pandard, and she opened the box.
From her playing plastics, perfects, and all sorts of bad things against the man.
The only thing in the box was hope.
So Jason asked us, "What happens if you open the box and there's no hope?
And so he stopped a few days, leaned to the right, and it was.
This nice and smart boy of New Jersey had just taken away life.
I talked to the parents of Jason that night, and I guess when I was talking to them, I didn't seem to be sound very well, because the next day, the family of the family called me to see what it was.
The parents in Jason had asked it.
The political ladies of the suicide affect many people.
I ask them these question: What if a member of your family, a friend or someone who loved was suicide supply?
What would you say?
You know what to say?
In my experience, I don't just have to talk about, but you need to hear.
I'll hear to understand.
Don't argue, blame them, or tell the person you know how it feels like, because you probably don't know.
Just being there, you can be the point of influence you need.
If you think somebody is suicide, you're not afraid to deal with them and ask the question.
So one way to ask the question is, "You know, "The "ones in similar circumstances have thought to end their life -- have you had these thoughts?
To confront the person in front of you can save life and be the tipping point for them.
Other signs to look for, despair, believe that things are terrible and they're never going to get better, image, believe that there is nothing that you can do about this -- religious social isolation, and a lost of the interest in life.
I came up with this talk about a couple of days, and I got an email of a lady and I'd like to read her letter.
She lost his son on January 19, and I wrote this email just a couple of days ago, and it's with her permission and blessing that I read you.
"Hi, Kevin -- I imagine you're at the TED conference.
It must be a whole experience to be there.
I'm thinking, I should go to the bridge this weekend.
I just wanted to leave a note.
I hope you can tell a lot of people and go home talking about it to their friends who tell her friends, etc.
I'm still quite instinctive, but I'm going to notice more times to realize that Mike will not come home.
Mike was driving Peter to San Francisco to see the part of the 49 with her father on the 19 of January.
He never got there.
He called the Patifut of Peterboath and I reported it as a result that night.
And the next morning, two officials came to my house and reported me that the Mick car was down in the bridge.
A test had seen it jump from the bridge at 1,500 of the previous day.
Thank you very much for struggling for those who can be temporarily too weak to fight for themselves.
Who hasn't been before wrong without suffering a real mental illness.
It shouldn't be so easy to end with it.
My prayers are with your struggle.
The GPS, the Golden Gates Bridge is supposed to be a walk through our beautiful bay, not a ceremony.
Good luck this week, "Video: "Video: </s> this week.
I can't imagine the value that she needed to go to the bridge and go on the way that his son took that day, and also the value to go out ahead.
I'd like to introduce you to a man that I mean with hope and value.
On March 11, 2005, I responded to a radio call by a possible subject subject on the top of the bridge near the north tower.
I drove my motorcycle on the sidewalk, and I looked at this man, Kevin Bertium, standing on the sidewalk.
When he saw me, he crossed the shadow, and he stopped in that little tube that goes around the tower.
During the time and a half again, I heard as Kevin talked about his depression and despair.
Kevin decided that day will come back on that lane and give it to life another opportunity.
When Kevin came back, he happy.
This is a new beginning, a new life."
But I asked him, "What was what they did that you would go back and give the hope and life other opportunity?
And you know what he told me?
He said, "I hear you.
I let me talk and just listen."
Shortly after that incident, I got a letter from Kevin mother, and I have that letter with me, and I would like to read you.
"Dear Britain -- nothing erase the events of the 11th of March -- and you're one of the reasons why Kevin is still with us.
I just think Kevin was crying for help.
It has been diagnosed with a mental illness for which it has been right medical.
I took Kevin when I was only six months old, completely countless of all of those heroing traits, but thank God, now we know.
Kevin is in order, like he said.
We thank God for you.
Sincered with you, Ronard Bertycom."
And at the end she writes "Play, "Play, when I visited the San Francisco Home of San Francisco that night, you failed as the patient.
"I said, "I know I had to solve it."
Today, Kevin is an active father and an active member of society.
He talks about the events of that day and their depression with hope that his story will inspire others.
suicide is not just something I have found myself in work.
It's personal.
My grandfather supplies with poison.
That act, even though I finished his own pain, I stole the opportunity to know it.
This is what the suicide does.
For most of the suicide people, or those who consider suicide.
You just want your own pain to do.
Typically, this is only about three ways, sleep, drugs or alcohol or death.
In my career, I've answered and I've been involved in hundreds of mental diseases and called suicide around the bridge.
Of those incidents I've been directly involved, I've only lost two, but those two are too much.
One was Jason.
The other one was a man who was talking about about an hour.
During the time, I was scared my hand in three times.
In the final airport, I looked at me, and he said, "Really, sorry, but I have to go."
And it jumped out.
Hurrable, absolutely horrible.
I want to tell you, however, that the vast majority of people that we get to contact in that bridge is not subsiding.
In addition, those few people who have jumped out of the bridge and lived and you can talk about it, that one one or two, most of those people have said that the second thing they left from the strand they realized they had made a mistake and they wanted to live.
I tell people, the bridge doesn't only connect Maria with San Francisco, but also people.
That connection, or bridge we do, is something that everyone and every one of us should do it for doing.
suicide.
There's help. There's hope.
Thank you very much.
The world makes you whatever you are, but in your inside you know what you are, and a question would make you -- how did you become that?
I have to be something unique in that sense, but I'm not alone -- I'm not alone.
When I became a model I felt that I finally had done the dream that I had ever ever since.
My outside ended up with my real truth, with my inner self.
By the way, I would give you later, when I look at this picture, I think, "What George achieved it, you get it.
But the October, I found that, you know, I'm beginning.
We all have our families, our religion, our society, our time in history, even our bodies.
Some people have the value of release, to get rid of the limitations imposed by the color of the skin or the beliefs of those who surround us.
These are people who are always challenging the status quo.
In my case, the last nine years, many of my neighbors -- many of my friends, my agent, even ignored my story.
I think this element is called revolution.
This is my own.
They were registered as a "Chinese in the birth of my genital attention.
I remember my five years in the Philippines in my house, I always took this shot on the head.
And my mom asked me, "Why do you have that t-shirt in the head?
I said, "Mom, it's my hair. I'm a girl."
I knew how to be moving.
The gender has always considered a functional fact, but we now know that it's something more complex and mysterious now.
Because of my success, I never took myself to share my story, not because I thought to be what I'm wrong, but how the world is dealing with those of us who want to liberate them.
Every day I appreciate a woman.
I have Mom and dad and a family who will tell me as I am.
Many are not so fortunate.
There's a long tradition in the Asian culture that celebrates the mystery of gender.
There is a Buddhist drinking of compassion.
There's a Hindu god -- Hindu drug.
And when I was eight years old, I was in a party in the Philippines that celebrated these mysteries.
I was standing in front of the stage and remember that this beautiful woman appeared to me, and I remember that moment as if something gets to me, this is the kind of woman I want to be.
And when I was 15 years old, when I was still wearing a man, I met this woman named T.
It's the director of a transfer beauty.
That night she asked me, "Why haven't you been involved in the beauty concept?
He told me that if he was involved with she was going to get out of the inspiration spending and the lobby, and that night, I won in band suit, I won in grand ship, and it was a third end of the end of 40 candidate.
That moment changed my life.
Suddenly, it was inside the world of beauty.
Not a lot of people can say that their first work was of beauty of benefit of tendency, but I can.
I also met the goddess of the devices, especially when we went to the remote provinces of the Philippines.
But more importantly, I met my best friends of that community.
In 2001, my mom, he had moved to San Francisco, called me and told me that they passed my request from the green card that could go to the United States.
I was laughing.
I told my mother, "Mommy, I am distribution.
I'm here with friends, I like to travel and be a brain box."
But then, two weeks later, he called me and said, "Do you know that if you moved to the United States you can change the name and the identity of gender?
It was all I needed to hear.
My mom suggested me to put two feet to my name.
She also accompanied me when I operate in Thailand at the age of 19.
It's curious that in some of the most rural cities of Thailand do the most prestigious surgery, sophisticated and safe.
At that time, in the U.S., it was necessary to do the surgery before we change the name and the gender.
So in 2001, I went to San Francisco, and I remember looking at the leading license with the General name and the Fiber of Femance Fore.
It was a great time.
For some people, their identity document means to be able to drive or be able to get a boat, but for me it was the license to live, to feel dignity.
Suddenly, my fears were being minimized.
I felt that I could conquer my dream and move me to New York, and be model.
Many are not so lucky.
I think of this woman of name Hello Networters.
A young woman in New York who brave his truth, but he was standing up to his life.
For many of my community, that's the reality that they live.
Our suicide rates are eight times higher than the rest of the population.
All of the top 20 of us do a global glass by the Management of Transition.
I'm on this stage thanks to a long story of people who fought and stood up to incompletion.
These are Marshall P. Johnson and Sylvia Virginia.
Today, at this same moment, I'm coming out of the closet.
I can't keep living my truth alone and only for me.
I want to do the best thing to help others live their true without shame, or fear.
I'm here, and I am applied, so there are no longer vision of 20 of November.
My most profound truth led me to accept what I am.
Would you do that?
Thank you very much.
Thank you, thank you, thank you.  KT: Generation, a quick question.
George rockets: Sure. You see, first, thank you all my bones.
I support my parents, especially to my family, which is very strong.
I remember all the times that I've been to young women, and I had book, and sometimes when they called me and told me that their parents couldn't afford me -- I was taking the phone, he calls my mom and said, "Mom, you can call this woman?"
Sometimes it worked, others. It's just green identity, that's what is at the center of what we are, right?
I mean, we all got a gender at birth, and what I try to do is put on the table the subject that some times that subtraction is not border, and that there should be a space that would allow people to resist, and this is a conversation that we should have with parents, with colleagues.
The broadcasting movement is coming up compared to gay movement.
There's still a lot of work for doing.
It should be understanding.
There should be space for curiosity and to ask questions, and I hope you all are my allies.
KS: Thank you. Very much. GP: Thank you.
In many patriarchal and tribal societies are often known for their children, but I'm one of the few parents who are known for his daughter and I'm proud of it.
Malawi started his campaign by defending his rights in 2007, and when they were homedail, their efforts in 2011, the National Prize with the Pakistan Parisor, it became very famous -- a very popular girl in his country.
Before that, I was my daughter, but I'm now his father.
Ladies and gentlemen, if you look at the history of humanity, the history of women is the story of injustice, of inequality.
You see, in the patriarchal societies, just from the beginning of the beginning, when you're born a girl, his birth is not celebrated.
It's not good, not for his father, not for his mother.
The neighbor comes in, gives you their conditions to mother and nobody happy.
And a mother is overwhelmed to have a girl.
When you give birth to the first child, the first daughter, it gets sad.
When you give birth to the second daughter, it gets excited, and with the hope of a son, when he was blaming his third daughter, it feels guilty as a criminal.
Not only the mother suffering, but the daughter -- the newborn daughter, when it grows, it suffers too.
At the age of five years, when I should go to school, she goes home and school admit to his sisters.
Until the age of 12 years, in some ways, it has a good life.
It can be fun.
He can play with your friends on the street and can move through the streets like a butterfly.
But when you go into adolescence, when it was 13 years old, it's proportional to go out of his house without a male acceleration.
It's confined at four walls of his house.
It's not a free person.
She becomes the honor of his father and his brothers and his family and his family, and if the code of that honor country, you could even kill it.
And it's interesting that this course of honor code, not only the life of a girl, also affects the life of male male members of the family.
So this brother, sacrificed the joy of his life and happiness of his sisters in behalf of the course.
And there's a more normal norm of the oil societies called operation.
A good girl must be very free, very humble and very substantial.
It's the critical.
The model of a good girl must be string.
It's supposed to be quiet and it accepts the decisions of their father and their mother and the choices of the elderly -- even if you don't want.
If you marry it with a man who doesn't like it, or if you marry it with an old man, you have to accept it, because it doesn't want to be a delightful thing.
If the very young house has to accept it.
Otherwise, they call it despair.
And what happens next?
In words of a poetry, "The Canada, the engineer, and then gives birth to more children and children."
And the irony of the situation is that this mother, including the same lesson for his daughter and the same lesson of honor to his children.
And this vicious cycle is continuing and continues.
You wanted brothers and sisters, when Malayada was born, and for the first time, believe me, I don't like the newly born, to be honest, but when I was there and looked at his eyes, believe me, I felt extremely honored.
And much before I was born, I thought about his name, and he was fascinated with a legal struggle of freedom in Afghanistan.
His name was Malayadi of Maching, and he called my daughter for her.
But when I looked at me, they were all men, and I grabbed my pen, and I took a line of my name, and I wrote, "Mayor: Mala.
And when she grew up, when she was four and a half years old, my supernova in my school.
You would ask, why should I mention the language of a girl in a school?
Yeah, I have to mention it.
You can do it for granted in Canada, in the United States, in a lot of developed countries, but in poor countries, in political societies, in the tribal societies, it's a great event for the life of girls.
It means in a school means the recognition of their identity and its name.
One admire to school means that he's entered the world of dreams and aspirations, where they can explore their potential for their future life.
I have five sisters, and none of them could go to school, and would be surprised, two weeks earlier, when I was looking at the Canadian wine form, and I was in the relative part of the family, I couldn't remember the sins of some of my sisters.
And the reason I had never seen the names of my sisters written in any document.
That was the reason why I value my daughter.
What my father could not give my sisters or their daughters, I thought I had to change it.
I used to appreciate intelligence.
He was encouraging to sit with me when my friends came to me.
I encouraged you to go with different meetings.
And all of these values, I've tried to incorporate in their personality.
And this was not just for her, just for Mala.
I've imagined all this good values in my school to girls and kids alike.
I used education for email.
She taught my daughters, teach students, forget the lesson of the operation.
I teach students to forget the lesson of the so-called supercomputer.
You loved brothers and sisters, we fought for more rights for women, and we fought to have more and more space for women in society.
But we have a new phenomenon.
It was lethal for human rights and, in particular, for women's rights.
It was called terrific.
That means a complete denial of women's participation in all political and economic and social activities.
Hundreds of schools were lost.
The girls were forced to go to school.
Women were forced to use and they stopped going to markets.
The musicians were silent, the girls and the killer singers.
They had millions of them, but a few people, and it was terrifying to have all those people who kill and adjust when you talk about their rights.
It's really frightening.
At the age of 10 years, Galileo was lifted and raised by the right to education.
He wrote a day for the BBC blog -- it was offered herself for the New York Times documentary -- and I talked about every platform that he could.
And his voice was the most powerful voice.
It was spread like a click around the world.
And that was the reason why the Taliban couldn't tolerate his campaign and the 9 October of October 2012, shoot the sand on the head.
It was a data for my family and me.
The world became a great black hole.
Whereas my daughter was debate between life and death, I whispered my wife to my wife. I should blame me for what happened to my daughter, your daughter?
And he said, "Please, don't blame me.
It defenses the right cause.
They put your life in play with the cause of truth, for the cause of peace, and for the cause of education, and your daughter is inspired in you and you join you.
Both of them were on the right path and God protected."
These few words meant a lot for me, and I didn't ask the question again.
When I was in the hospital and had severe pains and strong headaches of head because his facial nerve was completely, I used to see a dark shadow that was spread for my wife's face.
But my daughter never complained, though.
I used to say, I'm well with my smile supply and the engineering in my face.
I'm going to get it right. Please don't worry.
It was a consumption for us, and it was consumed.
We wanted brothers and sisters, we've learned from it how to resist at the most difficult moments, and I'm pleased to share with you that despite being an icon for the rights of children and of women, it's like any 16 year-old girl.
He cried when he didn't end his homework.
He fights your brothers, and I'm very happy about that.
People ask me, "What's the special in my tutor that has made so bold to Malaysia so brave and expressive and equation?
I tell you, I don't wonder what I did.
Ask what I didn't do.
I didn't cut his wings, and that's it.
Thank you very much.
Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you.
I was operating out of the brain 18 years ago, and from that day, the science of the brain has become a personal passion.
I'm an engineer.
And I want to tell you that I recently joined myself to the Mouse group of Google, where I've had a meeting to my charge -- the God X-ray -- but all the work I'm talking about today here about the science of the brain, I did it before I joined Google or out of my work there.
Having said this, there is a stigma.
It's still as smart or not?
Of course you will be able to become smart.
After the school, I was missing a part of the brain, and I had to live with it.
It was not the gray matter, but it was the sticky part of the center that creates important hormones and neuroscience.
Immediately after the operation, I had to decide how much it will take, from more than a dozen chemicals every day, because if I didn't take anything, die in a few hours.
Every day, for the last 18 years, I have had to decide about combinations and chemicals, and try to get them, to stay alive.
More than one time, I have saved up.
But luckily, I have the soul of experimental, so I decided I would experiment to try to get the optimal doses because there is no clear map that would say it in detail.
I started testing with different mixes and I was surprised by looking at how small changes in the days changed dramatically my autonomy, my sense of who I was, my behavior with others.
An amazing case for a few months, I tried to try and tried doses and typical chemicals for a man of vegetable, and I was surprised when I saw my thinking.
I was always fairly, I thought all the time in the sex, and I thought it was the smartest person around the world, and --  -- of course, a lot of times in the past I've met several guys like this, or maybe some attacked versions of it.
It turned out as a barrier.
But my great surprise was that I wasn't trying to be a gunuary.
In fact, I was trying to get a lot of insecure and fix a problem that was in front of it, and just not like that.
So I couldn't handle it.
I changed my data.
But I think that experience gave me a new appreciation about men and what you have to go through -- since then I got better with the men.
What I was trying to do -- when I adjust those hormones and neurosciences and so on, it was to reclaim my intelligence after disease and operation -- my creative thought, my failure of ideas.
I tend to think almost always in pictures, and that became my key reference point -- how do I get those mental images that I use to create proposing, my ideas, if you want it? testing new ideas and making up situations.
This kind of thought is not new.
Philosophy like Humanisor: Descartes and YouTube look at things like this.
They thought the images and the mental ideas were the same thing.
Today there are those who question this idea, and there are many discussions about how the mind works -- for me, it's simple, for most of us, the mental images are fundamental for creative and invention.
So after several years, I get to find the point right and I have already lots of great mental genes, really complicated, well sophisticated and well structured people.
Now, I'm working on how to get these mental images, from my mind to the computer screen.
Can you imagine what would happen if a movie director would be able to use your imagination only to run the world that has the face?
Or if a musician could extract the music of your head?
There are incredible possibilities with this, as the way that creative people can get to share at the speed of light.
And the truth is, the only difficulty to do this is just to increase the resolution of our brain scanning systems.
Let me show you why I think we're pretty close to getting to this with two recent experiments done by two groups in neuroscience.
You both use MRI technology, image by functional MRI -- to represent the brain. Here you can see the brain scan done by Gigage Gands and their colleagues of Harvard.
The column on the left shows the brain of a person who looks at a picture.
The middle of the medium shows the brain of the brain of that same individual as you imagine, seeing that same image.
The column on the right created the content of the central column on the side of the left, you see that the difference is almost nuclear.
This was repeated in many different individuals with many different images, always with a similar result.
The difference between seeing an image and imagine seeing that same image is almost nuclear.
Now, let me show you another experiment. This is the lab of Jack Gallo in Berkeley, California.
They managed to turn the brain waves into relative visual fields.
Let's put it in this way.
In this experiment, I showed people hundreds of hours of YouTube videos as they were looking at their brains to create a great deal of brain reactions in video sequences.
Then, I showed you a movie with new images, new people, new animals, and while so much a new scan was recorded.
The computer -- using just the brain brain of the scan I decided it to show what it seemed like the person was seeing.
On the right you can see the discoveries of the computer, and on the left, the video that I showed you.
This gave us boundaries.
We're okay about doing it.
We just need to improve the resolution.
And now, remember, when you see an image, and when you can imagine that same image, you create the same map.
This was done with the brain scanning systems of more resolution available today, and their resolution was increased as a thousand times in the last few years.
Now we need to increase the resolution about a thousand times to get a deeper look.
How did we do that?
There are many techniques to do that.
One is opening the skull and introducing electrodes to it.
I don't love for that.
And so many people are putting new techniques of project project by images, even me, telling the recent result of MRI -- first of all, we have to ask the next thing, this technology will be the end of the path.
The conventional wisdom says that the only way to get more resolution is with larger images, but at this point, the larger magnets just offer small improvements in resolution -- not rising by thousands as we need.
I propose this idea -- instead of larger images, let's make better magnets better.
We can create much more complex structures with slightly different seals, like making a spirit.
And why does this matter?
Over the last few years, a great amount of effort in the MRI were to make really big, right?
But most of the most recent advances in reverence of sub-Saharan and brilliant solutions in coding and dictionary, in the transportations and recording records in the MRI system.
Instead, instead of a unified magnetic field, we use magnetic magnetic patterns attached to the Fiff Ramp frequency.
So when we combine the magnetic patterns with the patterns of the Philade radio process, we can increase the information that can be extracted in a single stage.
In addition, we can then divide our growing knowledge on the structure of the brain and memory to create the increase in the thousands that we need.
By using the IMF we should be able to measure not only the fluid fluid, but the of the hormones and neurons that I've mentioned and perhaps even direct neural activity. This is sleep.
We will be able to move our ideas in a direct way to digital media.
Can you imagine if we could go through the language and communicate directly by thinking about it?
What would we be capable of.
And how do we learn how to deal with the truths of human thinking without filter?
You thought the Internet is a big thing.
These are big questions.
It would be interesting to use it as a tool to amplify our thinking and communication abilities.
Indeed, this same tool could lead to the cure of Alzheimer's and similar disease.
We have a few more choices to open this door.
In all forms, do you have a year or 15 years?
It's hard to imagine it will take a lot more.
We have to learn how to give this step together.
Thank you.
I'll talk to you about this night about coming out of the closet, and not in a traditional sense, not just the gay closet.
I think we all have artists.
His gun may be to tell some person for the first time that you love it or tell someone who is pregnant, or tell someone who has cancer, or any other conversation that you have come in in life.
Everything is a difficult conversation, and even though our issues can transplanted transparently, the experience of having lived and out of that closet, is something universal.
It turns out, and we don't like it, and it must happen.
Many years ago, I was working on the South South Allen Calcula, a restaurant in the city, and being there, I had to go through various stages of the solid military intensity -- not to shake my armpits from an animation from an apartment of Antarctica De France as a leader.
And I'm going to be aware of the Dutch of my short screen, and I would have taken my head out of the head -- I would ask a little bit of a little child, "Hey, you're a guy or girl?
And it would be an uncomfortable silence on the table.
I would prefer my jaw a little bit more, and I would take my coffee with a bank left.
The father is going to hold the newspaper, and the mother would launch a cold looking at his son.
But I wouldn't say anything, and I would go inside.
And I came to the point that every time I went to a place where there was a child between three and 10 years, I was ready to fight.
And that's a terrible feeling.
So I promised that next time I would say something.
It would have that hard conversation.
So after a few weeks, it happened again.
Are you a kid or a girl?
A family silence -- but this time I was prepared and I was about to get away in the female issues on the table.  I had the dates of Betty Fred.
The Glass Steving quote.
Even a family of the "Vagina Monologues" who would show you.
So I went up with a house and I lowered my look and my back to my back a four-year-old girl with a pink dress, looking at what is not a challenge for a feminist canopy, just a girl with a question: "Are you kid or girl?
So I went back to myself again, I got out of chamments near her, and I said, "Hey, I know this is a confident thing.
I have the short hair as a kid, and I saw a kid, but I'm a girl, and you know, as you like to use a pink dress, and sometimes you like to use a comfortable plan.
Well, I'm more like a girl of a comfortable pig.
And that girl looked at me, paying attention, and he said, "My favorite pill is raped and he has a fish.
Can you give me a painting, please?
And that was everything. Just "Oh, OK. You're a girl.
What about the paper to ask?
It was the easiest conversation of all I've ever had.
And why? Because the bond of the panel and I, both of us were honest with one another.
Just as many of us, I've lived in some guns in my life, and yes, often my walls used to be an archive.
But inside, in the darkness, you can't know what color you are.
You just know how you're living in a closet.
That's how my gun is not different to your or your own or your own.
Now, I'm going to give you 100 reasons why to get out of my weapon was more difficult to go out of it, but this is the thing: Difference is not relative to it.
The hard thing is hard.
Who can tell me that explaining someone who has been declared in extra bank is more difficult than saying that it's been standing?
Who can tell me that this story is more difficult than telling your five year-old child you're going to divide?
There's no more difficult thing, there's only the hard.
We need to stop rating what's difficult to do with respect to what is difficult for another person to make us feel better or worse in relationship to our wars, and we must only feel empathy because we all live something difficult.
At some point in our lives, we all live in arms, and they may make sense of security, or at least more security than the other side of the door.
But I'm here to tell you that it doesn't matter what their walls are, a remote is not a place to live.
Thank you.  Imagine themselves 20 years ago.
I had a horse tail, a dress and talent shoes talk.
It wasn't the military lesbian ready to fight with any four year-old child who will go into the coffee.
I was frozen by the fear of the steel at a corner of my dark closet. I put up my gay graph, and the moving just a muscle is the most scary thing I've ever done.
My family, my friends, complete strangers that I've spent my entire life trying to not tell them, and now the world turned around to purpose.
I was burning the pages of a script that we've all followed for so long, but if you don't launch that graph, you will kill you.
One of my most memorable laughter launches was on the wedding of my sister.
It was the first time that many of them between the invited knew that it was gay, and by making my honor ladies of honor -- in my black dress and tons -- I walked around the tables and I finally came to a where my parents' friends were, people who met me years ago.
And after speaking a moment, one of the women I said, "Look at Nathan Lang."
And the battle of the gay paper had begun.
"Oh, you've ever been in the State?
"Well, yes, the truth is, we have friends in San Francisco.
"Well, we've never been there, but we've heard that it's great."
"Oh, you know my taste Antia the Antidema?
It's very good and has never talked about having going."
"Why is your favorite TV program.
Our favorite program William and Grazile.
And you know who we love? Jack who does Jack.
Jack is our favorite."
And then a woman, storytelled but instead of showing desperately his support, to make me know that I was on my side, he finally said "successful, "Well, my husband uses "remote cards."
And I had an opportunity at that time, as you have all the garden leaders.
It could surely have been easy to identify where they felt simply.
It's not very hard to find them and realize about the fact that they were how they were transmitted.
And what else can you ask someone to be asked to be able to do it?
If you're going to be authentic with somebody, you have to be prepared to how authentic you get.
This is how hard conversations are still not my strong point.
Ask anyone that I have gone.
But I'm getting better, and I feel what I like to call the three principles of the Girls of Panamas.
Now, please look through the gay perspective, but you understand that what it means to get out of any sand is essentially the same.
Number one: Be authentic.
Take the graduate set. Be yourself.
That girl in the coffee had no armor, but I was ready for the battle.
If you want somebody to be general, others must know that we also suffer.
Number two: Be a direct direction. Just say it. They map your parties.
If you know that they're gay, let it.
If you say to your parents that maybe they could be gay, they would have hope that that could change.
Don't give them a sense of false hope.
And number three, and more important.  leave the complex.
You communicate your truth.
It's never been apologize for that.
And some of them can go out of safe strings, apologize for what they've done, but it never was discussed by what they are.
And yes, maybe some of them will be declined, but that one thing in them, not you.
Those are the expectations of them about what you are, but not your own.
That's the story of them, but not of you.
The only story that matters is that you want to write.
So the next time you find in a weapon in a weapon that you find a graph, you must know that we've all been there before.
And they may feel very alone, but they're not.
Thank you, Burek.
International, what is that?
If you look at the story of how intelligence, a productive example has been the famous quote of Edward Diamondar that "The question of whether a machine can think is as interesting as the question of whether a subject can swim.
When Eilefes discovered this was done as a criticism to the conferences of the computer like Alan Turking.
And so a few years ago, I started a program to try to understand the fundamental physical mechanisms underlying intelligence.
We put a step back.
We first start with a mental experiment.
Imagine you are from an alien race, which you don't know about the biology of the Earth and the neuroscience of the Earth and the intelligence of the Earth, but that they have incredible telescopes and you can look at the Earth, and they have incredibly long lives, so you can see the Earth for millions, even billions of years.
And you see a very strange effect.
Of course, as terrorists, we know that the reason would be that we're trying to save ourselves.
We're trying to avoid an impact.
But if you are from an alien race that doesn't know anything about this, which has no concept about the Earth's intelligence -- you would be forced to develop a physical theory that will explain how, to a certain moment in time, the asteroids that demographic the surface of a primary planet stop doing it.
And so I claim this is the same question that we can understand the physical nature of intelligence.
So in this program that I took a number of years ago, I looked at a variety of issues through science -- through various disciplines -- that they were like, I think, to a single underlying mechanism of intelligence.
In cosmology -- for example, there has been a variety of evidence that our universe seems to be finally advantage to the development of intelligence, and, in particular, for the development of universal states that maximize the diversity of possible future.
Finally, in the planning of robotic movement, there have been a variety of recent techniques that have tried to harness the skills of robots to maximize the future freedom of action in order to perform complex tasks.
And so by taking all these different issues and putting them together, I asked, for a number of years, there is an underlying mechanism for the intelligence that we can extract from all these different topics?
Is there just an equation for intelligence?
And I think the answer is yes, what you're seeing is probably the nearest equivalent to one and a half to the intelligence that I have seen.
So what you're seeing here is an affirmation that intelligence is a strength, figured, which acts in order to maximize the future freedom of action.
It acts to maximize the future freedom of action, or keeping the choices open, with a Fortune force, with the diversity of possible future accessible, yeah, to an impending future time, take it.
In a few words, intelligence doesn't like to be attached.
intelligence is trying to maximize the future freedom of action and keep the open options.
And so, considering this equation, it's natural to ask: What can you do with this?
How predictable is it?
Does it predict the level of human intelligence level?
Does it predict artificial intelligence.
So I'm going to show you now a video that I think, showing some of the amazing applications of this simple equation.
Narrator: Recent research in cosmology has suggested that the universe that produce more disorder, or entropy, for their life should have a tendency to more favorable conditions for the existence of intelligent beings like us.
But what if that technological connection between energy and intelligence is a deeper relationship more deep?
What if intelligent behavior is not only about production of long-term entropy entropy -- but actually arises directly from it?
To figure out, we've developed a software engine called Entrepation, designed to maximize the production of long-term entropy in any system that you find inside.
Amazingly, international was able to spend multiple animal intelligence testing, playing human games, and even making money eating action, all of it without having been told to do that.
Here are some examples of entropy in action.
Just like a human standing human, here we see entrepreneurship balancing automatically a piece using a cartoon.
This behavior is remarkable in part because we never gave it a goal.
I just decided for her to balance the post.
This balance of equilibrium will have applications for human robotics and human assistance technologies.
This capacity of tools will have applications in smart manufacturing and agriculture.
Also, just like some other animals can cooperate by pulling out of extreme opposite opposed to a rope at the same time to release food, here we see that entropy can make a version of the model of that task.
This capacity of cooperation has interesting consequences for economic planning and a variety of other fields.
Entrepreneur is widely applicable to a variety of documents.
So for example, here we see it successfully playing a game on their own itself, illustrate its potential for play.
So here we see anthropology to direct new connections in a social network where friends are constantly disconnected and keeping the network of the website.
This same network obesity capacity also has applications in health care, energy and intelligence.
So here we see Entropure to organize the routes of a ship floor, discovering success and using the Panama Canal to expand the world from the Atlantic to the Pacific.
In the same way, entrepreneur is widely applicable to problems in autonomous defense and autonomy and transportation.
Finally, here we see a spontaneous entertainment to find out and execute a programming strategy -- selective in a simulated series of action negotiation -- successful by increasing assets under its exponential gesture.
This risk of risk management will have broad applications in finance.
Alex Westerners: What you've seen is that a variety of distances of smart cognitive behaviors as we use tools and walking upright and social cooperation, all of them derived from one equation, which leads to a system to maximize their future freedom of action.
Now, here's a profound irony here.
And we went back at the beginning of the robot, the Surero work, the surprise that if we developed smart machines, there would be a cyber rebellion.
Machines will get into us.
One of the biggest consequences of this work is that maybe all of these decades, we've had all the concept of cyber renewable to the investment.
It's not that machines first become smart and then metals and trying to be about the world.
It's all the opposite, that the impulse of taking the control of all possible future is a more fundamental principle than the intelligence of intelligence, that general intelligence can actually be able to take the control rather than being the control.
Another important consequence is the pursuit of the target.
And they often ask me, "How do you look for goals to get away from this kind of market?
My equivalent to that statement to move to the descendants to help them build artificial intelligence or to help them understand human intelligence, is the following: The intelligence must be seen as a physical process that tries to maximize the future freedom of action and avoid restrictions in their own future.
Thank you very much.
We're at a point of influence in human history, something between the contact of stars and losing the planet we call home."
Even though over the last few years, we've expanded a lot of our knowledge of how Earth fits in the context of the universe.
NASA New NASA has discovered thousands of planets orbiting around other stars, which points to the Earth is only one between the billions of planets of our galaxy.
Kepler is a space telescope that measures the endless limitation of stars when planets go ahead of them, and block a little bit of that light that comes to us.
The data collected by Kepler shows the size of planets besides the distance that there is between them and their mother's star.
In contrast, this helps us understand whether these planets are small and rockets like the land planets of our solar system, and also the amount of light that they get from their sun.
In turn, this gives you clues about whether these planets that we find are kind of well-being or not.
Unfortunately, while we are finding this theory of potential habitable worlds, our own planet is falling under the weight of humanity.
The 2014, it was the most careful record.
Glaciers and sea ice that have been with us from a thousand are now disappearing in a matter of decades.
These environmental changes that we've caused at the global scale have rapidly spread our ability to alter their course.
But I'm not a weather scientist, nor antibiotics.
But I study the expansion of the planet influenced by stars, with hope to find places in the universe where to discover life beyond our planet.
You could say that I look for foreign opportunities in the underground sector.
Now, as somebody very interested in the search for life in the universe -- I can tell you that the more I look for Earth-like planets more enjoy our own planet.
Each of these new worlds invite a comparison between the planet and the planets that we know better."
Let's take our neighbor, Mars.
Mars is small and rounding and despite being a little bit further from the Sun, it can be a potentially habitable world that showed this for a mission like the Kepler King.
In fact, it's possible that Mars has been habitable in the past, and partly that's why we studied to Mars.
Our powers like the Curious shoot its surface to search for clues about the origins of life as we know it.
The satellites that orbit it, like the Mathale mission -- take samples of the atmospheric atmosphere, and try to understand how Mars has been able to lose their husband.
The private companies now offer not just a short space flight but also the teaching chance of living on Mars.
But even though all these Martian images remind us of the desert of our planet, places that are linked in our imagination with the ideals that are stuck and personality, compared to Earth, Mars is a pretty terrible place to live.
We take the extension of the democratic areas of our planet that are still going to be able to colonize places in comparison to Mars.
Even in the most dry and brightest places on Earth, the air is fresh and full oxygen filled by our tropical forest to thousands of miles away.
I worry that this excitement for Mars colonization, and other planets have a big and sad shadow, the implications and the belief of some that Mars will wait for the only planet that we know is truly hungry, the Earth.
For a lot of me I like the interplanetary exploration, I'm in deep disagreement with this idea.
There are a lot of good reasons to go to Mars, but to say that Mars will be there to save humanity is how to imagine the capital of the Titanic will tell us that the party of the Titanic will tell us that the party of truth will have place later on the salt boats.
But the goals for universal exploration and the ground preservation are not controlling themselves.
No, they are actually faces of the same common," the goal of understanding and preserve and improve life in the future.
The extreme environments in our world are in our world as extraterrestrial photos.
You just find it closer to home.
If we can understand how to create and keep habitable spaces, in the hostile areas and the promising of the Earth, maybe we can meet the need to preserve our environment and go beyond that.
I leave you with a mental experiment, the Fermit paradox.
A lot of years ago, the American Fermit physicist asked the question, realizing that our universe has been for a long time, and we expect that there was a lot of planets in this universe, we should have found evidence of foreign life so far.
Well, where are you?
Well, a possible solution to the opera of Fermi is that when civilizations become enough technological enough to consider to continue to continue to live between stars, they lose the notion of how important it is to protect the origin of the planets that they pushed this development.
It's arrogant to think that only the interplanetary planning will save us from ourselves, but planetary preservation and planetary exploration can work together.
If we really believe in our ability to make the hostile environments of Mars for human presence, then we should be able to overcome the even easier task in Earth.
Thank you.
A few years ago, my own home.
And as I was on the front porch looking at my pockets, I realized I didn't have the keys.
In fact, I could see the window that were on the dining table, where I had left them.
So quickly I tried to open all the other doors and windows, and they were all good closed.
I thought I would call a character, at least had my cell phone, but at midnight, a character could take a long time to come in, and I was cold.
I couldn't go home from my friend of Jeff to spend night because I had a early flight to Europe in the next morning, and I was preparing from my passport.
It would be expensive, but I sure it was not much more expensive than a series of the night, so I thought, despite the circumstances, I went right on.
I'm a neuroscience of profession, and I know a little bit about how the brain works under stress.
And luxury releases the heart rhythm, the model of adventure and the tenth of the tendency.
And when I got to the facility show in the airport, I realized I didn't have my passport.
Well, I had a lot of time to think about those eight hours without sleep.
And I began to ask, if there was something that could be done, systems that I could put in your place, that they prevent bad things.
Or at least if you happen bad things, that minimize the probability of a total catastrophe.
So I started thinking about that, but until a month later, my thoughts didn't cry.
I was dinner with my colleague, Danny Kanhagan, won in the Nobel Prize, and a little bit embarrassed I told you that I broke the window, and so I had forgotten my passport.
It's something that he had learned from the psychologist Gary Kelly, who had written about this a few years before, known as the principle.
Everybody knows what the post-consumption is.
Every time there's a disaster, a team of experts come and trying to figure out what went wrong, right?
In the princess, as Danny, you look forward and try to figure out all the things that might go wrong, and then you try to figure out what can do to prevent things to happen or to minimize your damage.
So what I want to talk about with you is some things that we can do in the shape of a principle.
Some of them are free, others are not so degree.
I'm going to start with the obvious.
In the house, to get a place for the things that are easily lost.
This sounds common meaning and it is, but there's a lot of science that supports this thesis -- based on how our space works.
There's a structure in the brain called hydrogen, which has evolved over thousands of years, to make a rise of the location of the location of the important things, where okay, where the fish are, which is the brutal trees, where they live the friends and enemies.
The hippocampus is the part of the brain that is going on in London.
It's the part of the brain that allows the ears to find their nuts.
And if you ask if someone really did the experiment, they cut the wild sense of the squirrel and you could still find your nuclei.
They didn't use the short, but the hippocampus, that very evolved mechanism of the brain to find things.
But it's really good for things that don't move much, not so good for things that move a lot.
This is the reason to lose the car keys of the car, ready to read and passionate responses.
So at home they will take a place for the keys, a hook alongside the door, maybe a decorative dish.
For his passport, a particular candy.
For his reading glasses, a particular method.
If you make a place and you're crossing with it, you will always be there when you look for them.
What about travelers?
Take a picture of the cell a picture of their credit card, leadership of driving, passion, send it to yourself to be in the cloud.
If you lose these things or steal them, this can facilitate success.
These are some of the most obvious things.
Remember, when you're under stress, the brain releases curious.
The cortex is toxic and entrepreneurship the thinking.
So part of the press practice is to recognize that under stress we're not going to be at the best time, and you have to put the systems in their site.
And there are perhaps no more stressful situation than when you're faced with a medical decision.
And at some point, we're all going to be in that situation, to have to make a very important decision about the future of our medical care or a loved self, to help us with a decision.
And so I want to talk about that.
And I'll talk about a very particular medical adaptation.
But this is wrong as a prototype for all of medical decisions, and in fact for the decision-making of financial decision and social decisions, any kind of decision that you have to take from a rational assessment of the facts.
So let's suppose you go to the doctor and the doctor says, "I've got the result of the lab and the cholesterol is a little tiny.
They all know that the high cholesterol is associated with a greater risk of cardiovascular disease, attack the heart, brain spill.
So you're thinking that having the high cholesterol is not the best, then the doctor says, "I'd like to give you a drug that will help you to reduce the colleague, a station."
And maybe you've heard about the stages, and you know that it's one of the most recent drugs in the world today, even you are likely to know people who take them.
So you think, "Yes, I remember the station."
But there's a question that you have to do then, a statistic that you have to ask for that most doctors don't want to talk, and the engagement companies even less.
It's for the Nail, the number necessary to treatment.
And what is this -- the Nassember?
It's the number of people who have to take a drug or get a surgery in any medical procedure before you help a person.
And should you think about what kind of cool statistics is that?
The number must be one.
My doctor would not tell me something if I wasn't to help me.
But actually, medical practice doesn't work like this.
And it's not a doctor, and if it's guilty of someone, it's from scientists like me.
We haven't really understood the underlying mechanism.
But the estimates of Gelemia that 90 percent of drugs work only from 30 to 50 percent of the people.
So the number need to treat the most widely received season, which do you think it is?
How many people have to take it before they help a person?
300.
This is the research of cynical researchers Jerry Grandma and Palestinian Harrier, confirmed by Blackright.
And I just explored the numbers.
300 people have to take the medication for a year before they avoid a single heart attack, slow asleep or another adult event.
Now maybe you think, "Well, one chance in 300 of us will drop my cholesterol down.
Why not, doctor?
But then you should be asked by a statistic more, and it's "Half of the school effects: Yes?
For this particular drug, the side effects are produced by five percent of the patients.
And those include things -- terrible things: delighted muscle pain and artistic, particular pain, but now they think, "The five percent is not very likely to happen to me, still to take the medicine.
But a moment.
Remember, you don't think of clear.
So think about how you look at this over time, so they don't have to make the chain of reasoning in the act.
300 people take the drug, right? A person has helped it, five percent of the 300 have secondary effects, that's 15 people.
You have 15 times more likely to go out of the extent that you help you the drug.
I don't say they had to take the season.
I just say that you have to have this conversation with your doctor.
The ethics require it, it's part of the informed consent principle.
We've got access to this kind of information to start the conversation about whether you want to take the risks or not.
Maybe you're thinking that I've launched this number on the air by the value of the crash, but actually this number need to be a pretty typical thing.
For the surgery that most of the people are done in the older men in 50, the properties of the prostate for cancer, the number need to treat is 49.
That's what it is, 49 surgeries for a person that has helped to.
And the side effects in that case are produced by 50 percent of the patients.
Those include the importance or distance dysfunction -- universal care, real called perfect.
And if it's lucky, it is one of that 50 percent of the effects just last year or two.
So the idea of the reward is to think before time the questions that you can afford to make the conversation forward.
You don't have to make all of this in the act.
And they also want to think about the quality of life.
Because you have a choice for a lot of times, you want a shorter life free of pain, or a longer life that you might have a lot of pain to the end?
These are the things they talk about and they think about now, with their family and their loved ones.
You can change the heat of the time, but at least you're trained in this kind of thinking.
Remember, our brain releases curious leadership under stress, and one of the things that happens at that moment is that they turn out a lot of systems.
There's an evolutionary reason for this.
Face in face with a predator -- it's not necessary to the digestive system, or liberty or immune system, because if the body is spending the metabolism in those things, it doesn't react to rapidly. They could become the lunch of the lions, so nothing about that matters.
Unfortunately, one of the things that go through the window during these stress moments is rational theater, like Danny Kaneury, and his colleagues have shown up.
So we have to train ourselves to think about the future to these kinds of situations.
I think the important thing here is to recognize that we're all defense.
We're all going to fail every single time.
The idea is to think about the future how they could be those fails, to put the systems in the place that will help you minimize the damage or to prevent the bad things to happen in the first place.
By renewable at night at Monterey, when I came back from my journey, my contractor intrigued me a combination of combination next to the door, with a letter of the front door in the same one, an easy way to remember it.
And I have to admit that I still have a lot of cards that I haven't ordered and lots of messages that I haven't read.
So I'm not very organized, but I see the organization as a gradual process, and I'm getting it.
Thank you very much.
Interpreter: Pian, "This is my favorite music.
It means playing up.
If you're playing a musical instrument and you see a point on the score, you need to play more gently to play.
Two pounds, even more solid.
Four poles, extremely smooth.
This is my drawing of a tree tree -- you see that it doesn't matter how many thousands and thousands of feet you can have, you never have to get to a complete silence.
That's my current silence definition -- a very dark sound.
I'd like to share a little bit about the history of the American system of signs, the Assa in addition to a little bit of my own story.
The French sign language came through the 1,000 of the 1,000 and the step of time, it mixes with local signs, and it developed the language we know as ALS.
So it has a story of about 200 years old.
I was born surgery. And they taught me to believe that sound was not a part of my life.
And I thought it was true.
However, I realize I'm not true at all.
The sounds are a very important part of my life, they're really in my mind every day.
As a deaf person who lives in a world of sound, it's like I was living in a foreign country, following their rules, business, behaviors and standards without question them.
So how do I understand the sound?
Well, I see how people behave and respond to sound.
People are like my saltans and amplify sound.
Learning and copy that behavior.
At the same time, I've learned that I can create sound, and I've seen how people respond to it.
So I've learned for example.
"Don't charge the door."
"Don't do a lot of noise at the end of the frag paper ball."
"Don't build, and when you're eating, I'm going to make sure you don't get the covers on the plate."
All this is called "the Soundscape Task."
Maybe I think of the sound tag more than the average person does.
I'm a sub-surface of the sounds.
And I'm always waiting for the sound of news, which is to come next.
From there, this drawing.
Television, to decide.
Television, to continue.
Turkey, for advance.
You can see that the painting doesn't have notes in the lines.
That's because the lines contain sound through subtle and panels boards.
In deaf culture, movement is equivalent to sound.
This is the sign for "Performance in the AIDS.
A typical slope has five lines.
But for me, to do the self with my thumb and not feel natural.
That's why in my drawings, I just have four lines on the paper.
In 2008, I had the chance to travel to Berlin, Germany, for an artistic resident there.
Before this time, I had worked as a painting.
During this summer, I visited museums and spaces of different galleries and while I went from one place to another, I realized that there was no visual art there.
At that time, the sound was the trend and that was called my attention.
There was no visual art, it was all hearing.
Now sound has entered my art land.
Is it going to distance more of the art?
I realized that it doesn't have to be like that.
In fact, I know the sound.
I know it so well that they didn't just experience through the ears.
I can feel it in a tactile way, or experience it visually or even as an idea.
So I decided to reclaim the property of sound and integrate it in my artistic practice.
And everything that had taught me in terms of sound, I decided to leave it and describe it.
I started to create a new body of work.
And when I presented it to the artistic community, I was impressed with the amount of support and attention I got.
I realized that sound is like money, power, control, social media.
At the bottom of my mind, I always felt that the sound was angry, it was some of a original person.
And the sound is so powerful that it could well be able to afford me and my artistic work, or I could be provided.
I chose to make me.
There's a massive culture around the spoken language.
And just because I don't use my literal voice to communicate, the eyes of society is as if I didn't have a voice at all.
So I have to work with people who can support me from the same and become my voice.
So I'm able to be relevant in the current society.
So in school, in work and institutions, I work with many different performers of SA.
And his voice becomes my voice and identity.
They help me be heard.
And their voices have value and weight.
Ironically, when I asked you to borrow their voices, I'm able to maintain a temporary form of value something like taking a loan with a very high interest rate.
If I wouldn't keep this practice, I feel that I could get away in the forget and not have any kind of social value.
So with sound like my new artistic medium, deep in the world of music.
And I was surprised by seeing the similarities between music and Assa.
For example, a musical note can't catch and express it in the paper.
And the same thing can say about a concept in ALS.
The two are very special and highly moving that means that subtle changes can affect all of the signals as much as the sounds of the sounds.
I'd like to share with you a piano metaphor for you to understand how SARS works.
So imagine a piano.
SARS is divided in many different graphic parameters.
If you assign a different parameters for every finger, as you play the piano, like facial expression, the motion of the body, the speed, the shape of your hand, and so as you touch the piano, English is a linear language, as if you would just get a keyboard at a time.
However, the LSA is more like a chord -- you need the 10 fingers in a simultaneous way to express a clear concept or idea at ALS.
If just a keyboard would change the cause, it would create a completely different meaning.
The same thing happens with music in terms of tone to tone and top and volume.
In Asia, by using these different graphics patterns, you can express different ideas.
For example, the sign "is "forever?
This is the signal "Forest in that."
I'm looking at you.
Looking at it.
Oh, they started.
Yeah.
What are you looking at?
Ah, "Party."
So I started thinking, and if I look at ALS through the lenses of the music?
If I had to create a sign and repeated it again and again, it could be like a piece of visual music.
So for example, this is the day of day, the sun comes out and it goes.
This is all day."
If you repeat it and reduce speed, you visually look like a musical piece.
All day.
I feel that the same thing can say all night.
"All night.
This is the entire night, in this drawing.
And this led me to think about about three different kinds of nights, Nine, down the night,  "Everything in the night."
I feel that the third has more music than the other two.
This represents how time in ALA and how the distance of the body can express changes in time.
For example, one -- it's a hand, two tens -- it's two hands, the present gets closer and in front of the body, the future is in front of the body, and the past is on the back.
So the first example is a lot of time."
Then, having been -- "A standing and the last one, which is my favorite, with a very romantic and dramatic idea at the same time, "There was one time."
Common time? It's a musical term with a specific rate of four times per company.
But when I look at the word "people "Common I think automatically in the same time."
Watch MIT, right, Michellogical, left.
We have the painting through the head and the chest.
(Music: Mex, Garden Garden "Man" -- I will teach you a form of my hand called "garden" for "Game."
Can you do that with me?
All of your hands at the top.
Now we're going to do it so much in the head like a chest, something like common time?
Yeah, very good.
That means "Cannition: international system.
The international system, as a note, is a visual tool to help us communicate in all cultures and sign languages around the world.
The second thing I'd like to show you is this: Please do it with me again.
And now this.
It means colonization in SA.
Now, the third one. Please get me again.
And again.
It's electricity."
We're going to do the three together.
"Looking up, collaboration and "sugar."
Good job.
Look at how the three signs are very similar. They all happen in your head and the chest. But they transmit very different.
It's amazing to see how the SAT is alive and proportion, like the music.
However, we live in a very auditory world.
And just because the classroom doesn't have sound, automatically has no social value.
We need to start to tell what it defines social value and allowing the sun to develop its own value, without sound.
And this could be a step to make a more inclusive society.
And maybe people will understand that they don't have to be deaf to learn Ashah.
The SAS is a hypothese and I'd like you to have the same experience.
I'd like to invite you to open your ears, open your eyes, to participate in our culture and experience our visual language.
And you never know, they can even fall in love with us.
Thank you.
Density Karmad: Hey, that's me.
As a child, my parents said, "You can take it all out, but then you have to clean it up."
Freedom involves responsibility.
But my imagination led me to all these wonderful places, where everything was possible.
So I grew up in a bubble of innocence, or a bubble of ignorance I should say, because adults lie to us to protect ourselves from the awful truth.
When I get older, I found out that adults also consume and that they're not very good at cleaning those of others.
The time country, now I'm an adult and teaching and invention at Harvard Kong.
You don't have to wait a lot to wait for my students to walk on the beach with lots of trash.
So as a good citizen, we clean the beaches, and no, it's not building alcohol, and if it is, I didn't know.
It's sad to say, but more than 80 percent of the oceans contain plastic.
It's a specialized thing.
And in the last decades, we've been coming out with these big ships and networks, to collect those bits of plastic to study them under the microscope, and we classify them and we collect this information on a map.
But it hard an eternity and it's very expensive and it's also very risky to use those huge boats.
So next to my students, with ages of six to 15 years, we were to invent a better way.
We've transformed our tiny classroom in Hong Kong.
And we started building this kind of job with an amazing height for the very low kids as they can also participate with.
And I'll tell you, kids who manipulate electric tools are very cool and safe.
Not exactly.
Let's go back to the plastic.
We collect the plastic and reduce it to the size that we find it in the ocean, which is very small, because of its figure.
We do.
I leave it to the imagination of my students.
My job is to try to take the best ideas of every child and try to combine them into something that we expect it to work.
We decided that instead of collecting plastic bits, we only collect information.
Through the use of a robot, we take a picture of this plastic, the kids are very excited about robots.
We then created what we call "a Protonal.
We are so fast in creating prototypes that we end up before we lunch.
And we transform flags and web cameras into accessible robot that will move slowly through the water and by the plastic that we have there, and this is the image captured by the robot.
We see the bits of plastic floating down slowly through the sensor while the computer computer process this image and measure the size of every particle -- to get an estimate from the amount of plastic in the water.
We document this step-by-step invention on a website called "The Internet, with the hope that somebody else is even better.
The great thing about this project is that students saw a local problem, and boom, they're trying to fix it immediately.
I can investigate my local problem, but my students in Hong Kong are very well informed.
You see the news, they pick up the Internet, and they hit this image.
A child, maybe under 10 years, cleaning a oil spill. Just using the hands, in Sounds, the world's largest manipulation in Bangladesh.
They were very surprising because this is the water that you drink -- it's the water in which it goes, the water where they go, the place where they live.
You can also see the water is brown and the mud and the oil are also color brown and when everything gets mixed up, it's very hard to see what is in the water.
But there's a simple technology called spectacular, which allows you to see what's in the water.
We built a profile prototype of a spectrose that can mature through all kinds of substances that produce different species, which can help identify what's in the water.
We outfitted this prototype with a sensor and we send it to Bangladesh.
The great thing about this project is that beyond solving a local problem, or analyzing a local problem, my students used their empathy and their sense of creativity to help so much other children.
I can investigate a problem to distance -- I was forced to do a second experiment, and I wanted to go a little bit further, maybe a harder problem, and also closer to me.
I am a half Japanese and a half French and maybe remember, that in 2011, there was a devastating earthquake in Japan.
It was so violent that they downloaded several giant waves, called tumors, and those tsunami destroyed several cities on the coast of Japan.
Over 14,000 people died in a second.
It also gives the nuclear power plant of Fullimone, a nuclear central center to the water.
And today, according to the reports an average of 300 tons are still leaking out of the nuclear plant in the Pacific Ocean.
Today, all the Pacific Ocean has consumption traces for Church for Church.
If we go to the West coast, we can measure the radiation of Fully everywhere.
But if you look at the map, it seems that most of the radiation has gone out of the Japanese coast, and most of all, in time, has safe -- it's blue.
Well, reality is a bit more complicated than that.
I went back to Fudbot every year from the accident and research in independent way with other scientists, the land, the river, and we wanted to take the children.
Of course, we didn't take them, parents didn't allow them.
But every night we inform the control center, you see the use of different masks here.
It might seem that they didn't take the work seriously but they did it because they are going to have to live with creativity all their life.
Together with them we discussed the data that we collected that day and we talked about what we were going to do next, the strategies, the international, etc.
And to do this, we created a reputation map of the region around the nuclear power plant.
We created the storage map, we introduced peaks to represent real data in real time of racism, and we repair water to simulate the rain.
With this we were able to notice that the radioactive powder was filtering from the top of the mountain to the shoes and destined in the ocean.
It was an appropriate estimate.
But based on this is a civil expedition, the nearest to the nuclear central to date.
We zoom up to a mile of the nuclear center, and with the aid of the region we were collecting sea from the sea milk with a tracking steel as we invented and built.
Here we see a progression, we've gone from a local problem to a remote problem, to a global problem.
And it's been very exciting to work on these different scales, also with open-source technologies and very simple open-source technologies.
But at the same time, it has been increasingly frustrating because we've only been beginning to measure the damage we've done.
We haven't even started trying to solve the problems.
I wonder if we should give the leap and try to invent better ways to do all these things.
So the classroom became a very small way by how much we found an industrial installation in Hong Kong and we become the largest space dedicated to social and environmental impact.
It's in the center of Hong Kong and it's a place where we can work with wood, metal metal, chemistry, a little bit of biology, picture, basically, you can build it all over there.
It's also a place where adults and children can play together.
It's a place where kids are able to become reality with adults, and where adults can be children again.
Students: According." According."
Cancer Harrier: Let's ask things like, can we invent the future of mobility with renewable energy?
For example.
Or can we help in the mobility of the advanced age of age transforming their standard wheels in new electrical vehicles.
Plastic, oil and radioactive are terrible legacy, but the worst legacy we can leave our children are the lies.
We can't afford to protect the children of the horrible truth because we need their imagination to invent the solutions.
So citizens creative, creators -- we need to prepare the next generation to be worried about the environment and the people, and so that it can actually do something about it.
Thank you.
Two grammar copyright, two radically opposite design cultures.
One is made of thousands of pieces of steel, the other one of a single silk street.
One of them is synthetic -- the other organism.
One is about the environment, the other one creates it.
One is designed by nature, the other one for her.
My angel said that when he looked at the member of the brain, he saw a figure that fights for being free.
The film was unique the story of Michigan English.
But living creatures are not cancer.
They grow.
And in the smallest units of life, the cells, we take all the information that is required for every cell to work and to replicate it.
The tools also have consequences.
At least from the Industrial Revolution, the world of design has been dominated by the factors of manufacturing and production.
The assembly lines have dictated a world made of parts, scholarid the imagination of designers and architects trained to think of their objects as a disappearing parts of different functions.
But you don't find the analysis of human materials in nature.
Think about the human skin, for example.
Our facial skin cells are silked with dialogue pilots.
The stages of the back are more thick with little pieces.
You act mostly as a filter, and the other one as a bar, and yet, it's the same skin -- there are no parts, there's no supplies.
It's a system that gradually makes its functionality through the variation of electricity.
Here's a divided screen that represents my view of the divided world, the double personality of every designer and architecture to work right between the cancer and the gene, between the machine and the organism, between Henry Ford and Charles Darwin.
These two visions of the world, my left hemisphere and right, analysis and synthesis, is shown in the two screens after me.
My work, at his simplest level, tries to join these two visions of the world, and wave of the supermarket and go into growth.
You probably ask. Why now?
Why could this be 10 or even five years ago?
We live in a very special moment in history, a weird moment, where they make four disciplines that offer designers access to the tools we never had access to before.
And in the intersection of these four fields, my team and I create.
Please know the minds and the hands of my students.
We designed objects, products and structures and tools through scale, of large-scale scale, like this robotic arm with a 24-year-old court of diamond with a basis to recover that someday not very far to print entire entire buildings, and graphic markets made of genetically modified microbes that shine in the dark.
So here we have reinvented the clothes, an archetype of ancient Arab architecture, and has created a screen where every support is only unique to model the shape of light and heat through it.
In our next project, we explore the possibility of creating a layer and a flag. This was for a fashion store from Paris with Iran van Harvester. It's like a second skin made of one piece made from one piece, right in the controls, flexible around the waist.
Together with 3D printing colleague, we printed this layer and 3D flash with the cells between the cells. I'll show you more objects like that.
This helmet combines rigid and soft materials in the resolution of 20 images.
This is the resolution of a human hair.
It's also the resolution of a China scanner.
That designers have access to this analogy of high-resolution and synthetic instruments allow us to design products that adapt not just the shape of our bodies, but also the physical structure of our tissues.
We've also designed a acoustic chair, a chair at the structural time, comfortable and also absorbing sound.
The Professor Carol, my collaborator came back to nature to inspire us, and by designing this irregular surface pattern, it becomes substantial.
We printed this 45 different properties, which vary in rich opportunity, opportunity and color, by responding to the pressure points in the human body.
Their surface, like in nature, varies its functionality not by addiction of another material or another smallpox, but vary continually and desperately the material property.
But is the ideal nature of it?
Are there not parts in nature?
I didn't raised in a religious Jewish home, but when I was young, my grandmother told me stories about the Hebrew Bible, and one of them was left and I got to define a lot of what I care about.
Like she said, "In the third day of creation, God send the Earth to grow a fruit tree of frustration."
For that first fruit tree, there would be no difference between ship, branches and leaves and fruits and fruit.
The whole tree was a fruit.
Instead, the land has grown trees with branches, cortex, stars and flowers.
The Earth created a world made of parts.
I often ask me, "What would design be if the objects make it a single piece?
Do we go back to a better state of creation?
So we look for the biblical material, the kind of material of the fruit tree, and we found it.
The second more abundant biologist on the planet is called the cardia, and about 100 million metric tons are produced every year for organisms like cameras, closes, cores and markets.
We thought that if we could tune out their properties, we could generate multicultural structures on one piece.
So that's what we did.
We call it the legal marker.  We asked a lot of shrimp, and we did a bunch of sheets of shrimp, and we did a lot of the standard past.
By making chemical concentration, we've been able to achieve a broad range of properties, from dark, hard and opaque to light, soft and transparent.
To print the large-scale structures, a system has been built with multiple controlled extraction blocks robotically.
The robot could vary the properties of the material on the march and create these structures made of one material made of a single material, 100 percent recycle.
When the pieces are ready, they let them dry to find a natural form of the contact with air.
So why do we continue to design plastic playing plastic?
The air bubbles that were an advertising of the printing process were used to contain photographic microbes that came up for the first time on planet 3.5 billion years ago, as we heard yesterday.
Along with our collaborators at Harvard and the MIT -- we were looking at genetically designed bacteria to capture the atmosphere of the atmosphere and turn it into sugar.
For the first time, we have been able to generate structures that make their transition without the problems of living to mesh -- and if it gets used even more, to windows.
A fruit tree cross-end tree.
Working with an old material, one of the first forms of life on the planet, with abundant water and with a little bit of synthetic biology, we've transformed a structure made of shrimp schools in an architecture that behaves like a tree.
And here's the best part: for objects designed to biopage, put in the sea, feed the marine life -- and put in the ground, help grow a tree.
The gap for our next exploration using the same design principles was the solar system.
We look for the possibility to create clothes to keep the life for the interplanetary travel.
To do that, we need to dominate bacteria and control their flow.
And as the periodic table, we made our own table of electronics: new forms of life created computerial, made an additive form and augmented abrasism of biology.
I like to think about synthetic biology as the liquid limitation, just that instead of turning real metals together, they synthesize new biological functionality within very small channels.
This field is called microscope.
We print our own 3D channels to control the flow of these liquid bacterial crops.
In our first piece of clothing, they combine two microbes.
The first one is character.
It lives in our oceans and the freshwater of fresh water.
And the second -- E. colonized, the bacteria that has in the human intestine.
One turns of light in sugar, the other consumer consumption and produces useful biospheres for the built environment.
But these two microbes don't interact in nature.
In fact, they never met.
They're here, designed for the first time, to have a relationship in a piece of clothing.
Think about it as evolution, not by natural selection, but by design.
To keep these relationships, we've created a single channel that is approached to the digital tract that will help you flow these bacteria and get their way to their way.
So we started growing those channels in the human body, variation the properties of the material of the matter of the material.
If we wanted more photos, we designed more transparent channels.
This productive digital system, when it would be an extreme to another one, 60 meters.
This is half the length of a football field, and 10 times more than our independent insight.
And here it is, as a venture at TED, our first portable photography, the bright formal channels within the clothing.
Thank you.
Mary Skelly said, "We are creatures last time, only half is done.
What happens if design would provide the other half half?
What if we could create structures that increase living matter?
What if we could create personal microbes that would scan our skin, would they repair the damaged tissue.
Think about this as a way of editing biology.
I call this material ecology.
For that, you always need to go back to nature.
For now, you know that a 3D printer is known to print material in layers.
You also know nature doesn't do that.
I grew up.
This capital of the worm -- for example, creates a highly sophisticated architecture, a home inside which is metabolically.
The name is not adopting to this level of sophistication.
It makes it through combining not two materials, but two proteins in different concentrations in different concentration.
One act as a structure, the other is the glue or the matrix, by using those fibers between it.
And this happens through scale.
The silk worm first gets ready in the environment, creates a tension structure, and then starts in a computer computer.
The tension and the compression. The two forces of life, they manifest in a single material.
In order to get better at understanding how this complex process works, we put a small magnet to the head of a silk worm to the hier.
We put it inside a box with magnetic sensors, and that allowed us to create this cloud of points in three dimensions and visualize the complex architecture of the copy of the silk worm of the worm of silk.
But by putting the silk worm on a flat pain, not within a box, we realized that it would be a flat dome and still merely sexually melting.
So we started designing different environments, different animals, and we've found that the form, the composition of the cocoon is transmitted directly by the environment.
They often take the silk worms down to death inside their caps, their silk goes down, and it's used in the textile industry.
We saw that designing these plants, we can shape the raw silk without a single capita.
They were scared sadied, and we could create these things.
So we scale this process up to the architectural scale.
We had a Dutch robot doing silk plants, and we put together in our site.
We knew that silk was embarrassing towards more dark and cold areas -- so we used a solar route diagram to reveal the distribution of light and heat in our structure.
So we created holes or sorts, to block the rays of light and heat out of the light and distribution of silk worms on the structure.
We were prepared to get the crackers.
We asked 650 worms of silk to a silk farm farm.
And after lunch four weeks, they were prepared to sink with us.
We placed them carefully on the lower edge of the scaffolding -- and as they were iconically, they showed up, they put eggs, and life starts again, like us, but much, much more expensive.
Buckminster Fuller said that tension is the great integrity, and he was right.
A high biological silk on the frozen silk robotically, they give all this pavilion in the individual.
And in a little over two or three weeks, 6,000 worms of silk have 6,000 kilometers.
In a curious symmetry -- this is also the length of the silk room.
The policemen, after the ice, produce 1.5 million eggs.
This could be used for 250 extra cells in the future.
So here are the two visions of the world.
A silk silk by a robotic arm, the other full spin.
If the last frontier of the design is to give life to products and the buildings that surround us, to form an ecology of two materials, designers have to join these two visions of the world.
Which brings us back, of course, at the beginning.
Here's a new design age, a new age of creation, which brings us from a design inspired in nature to a nature inspired by design, which demands from us, for the first time, that we are going to make ourselves charge of nature.
Thank you.
Thank you very much. Thank you.
Raise your hand if you've ever asked them, "What do you want to be?
If you had to remember how old when they asked them for the first time this?
You can show it with your fingers.
Three. Five. Three. Five. Five.
Now, raise your hand if you ask it, "What do you want to be of the largest one."
It's caused some kind of anxiety.
Any anxiety.
I'm somebody who never could answer the question, "What do you want to be of the farther."
The problem was not that I had no interest, but it had too much.
In school, I liked English, the mouse and the art and the arts and the web species -- and it played the guitar in a flat band called Telescope Frustration.
Maybe you've heard about us.
And generally I like to try and persist anyway, because it has dedicated a lot of time and energy and sometimes money in this field.
But over time this sense of boring, this feeling of, this is no longer a challenge, it gets to break.
And I have to leave it.
But then I'm interested in something else, which is completely different, and I got immersed in it, and I let me absorb and I feel "Yes." I have found my own, and then again this point where it starts to be abundant.
And finally, I want to leave it.
But then I would like to discover something new and different, and I'd like to focus on that.
This pattern caused me a lot of anxiety, for two reasons.
The first was because I wasn't sure how it was going to turn all this into a career.
I thought I had to choose one thing, denied all my other passions -- and let me get off.
Another reason I got so much anxiety was a little bit more personal.
I was worried that there was something wrong about this, and something bad in me for not dealing with anything.
I was worried about having a fear of engagement, or being disappeared, or accelerating or my own success.
If you can relate my story and these feelings, I would like to ask you something that I'd like to have asked you then.
Ask themselves, where they learned to assign the meaning of bad or abnormal to do things.
Let me tell you where they learned it, they learned from culture.
We are asked first, "What do you want to be?
We have about five years old.
And the truth is, nobody cares what you answer that age.
You would consider an naive question to make weird answers in children like being anthropologist, or "I'm going to be "breakface, or "I want to be prison."
Take the failure of Handula here.
So this question comes up to us again and again as we grow up with different ways, piece of, eye, to high school students are asked you will choose in university.
And at some point, what do you want to be?
It's going to be the cute exercise of before the dream of the dream.
Why?
If this question inspired kids to dream of what they might be, it doesn't inspire to dream with everything they might be.
In fact, just the opposite thing, because when someone asks you what you want to be, you can't respond to 20 different things, even though you have a good adverse -- you might say, "Oh, what a nice, but you cannot be arrangement of violent and psychology.
You've got to choose."
This is Dr. Bob Chiles  and he is artificial and paralyzing.
And this Amy Neiza, I edited out of magazine in illustration, entrepreneur and professor and creative director.
But most kids don't hear about people like this.
All you hear is they're going to have to choose them.
But it is more than that.
The notion of central life is very identified in our culture.
It's this idea of the fate or the real collision, the idea that every one of us has something to spend during their time in this land, and you have to figure out what that thing is and devote your life to it.
But what if you're someone who's not connected in this way?
What if there are lots of different issues that wake up their curiosity and many different things that you want to do?
There's no place for someone like one in that frame.
And so you can feel alone.
You can feel that it doesn't have a goal.
And feeling that there's something bad with one.
There's nothing wrong about you.
You're a multiply.
A crowd is somebody with a lot of interest and creative activities.
It's a bite for that way.
It could help if you divide in three parts," multiply, potential and age.
You can also use other terms that connect the same idea, like incuever, renewable.
During the regime of the Renaissance, the ideal was who was well seen in multiple disciplines.
Barbara saver refers to us as "seasons."
Use any term you like or invest one of them.
It seems like a sort of adapting to a community, we can't agree with one identity.
It's easy to look at the multi-standing or death that you have to self.
But what I've learned about talking to people and writing about these ideas in my website, is that there are huge strengths when it was this way.
Here are three multicultural superheroes.
One, ideas.
I mean, the combination of two or more fields and the creation of something new about interaction.
Steve Hansay and Rachel Binnier showed his shared interests in cardiac, visualizes of data, travel, math and design, at the Monterey end.
Metal is a company that creates huge inspiring gestures.
Steve and Japan came up with this single idea of his choice and experiences of skills and experiences.
Innovation happens in intersections.
That's where new ideas.
And the multiples, with all their ancestors, can access a lot of these points of interaction.
The second multicultural surface is fast learning.
When the cultures are interested in something, we go to that.
We look at everything we can have in our hands.
We're used to be premiered, to have been a lot of times in the past, and this means that we have less afraid of testing new things and out of our comfort areas.
A lot of skills are transparent to other disciplines, and we bring everything we've learned to every new area that we pursue -- so we rarely started close.
Mary Mundhing is a full-time journey and independent writing.
As a child child perfectly perceived an incredible capacity to develop muscle memory.
Now, that's the most famous microbes.
Before I became a writer, Korea was financial planning.
He had to learn the ultimate sales of sales when he started their practices, and this ability helps him write compelling landscapes for the editors.
rarely it's a loss of time to be decreased to what you get attracted to, even if the end is going on.
It is possible to apply that knowledge in a completely different field, in a way that you could not have done.
The third industrial surface is abstraction. I mean, the ability to transform anything you need in a given situation.
So Cario Carrie is sometimes director of videos -- other pages of pages -- sometimes consumer participants of Kickstarter, sometimes teachers, and sometimes, James Bonnie.
It's valuable because it does a good job.
He is even more valuable because it can take fun roles -- depending on the needs of their clients.
The Fashion Company magazine defines adaptation as the most important skill for development, to thrive in the 21st century.
The economic world changes so quickly and inspired that they are the individuals and organizations that can bite to meet the needs of the market, the ones that really engage.
synthesis of ideas, rapid learning and adaptation, three skills where the crowds are very horrible, and three abilities that could be lost if they're ready to reduce their goals.
As a society, we have a great interest in getting the materials to be themselves.
We have complex problems, multi-dimensional right now, and we need to have no conventional creative thinkers to do in front of them.
Let's say they're in your heart, specialists.
They came out of the belly knowing that they wanted to be pediatric neurons.
Don't worry, there's nothing wrong in you either.
In fact, some of the best teams are made up of a special special and a biological multiply.
The specialists can dive deep and put into practice ideas, and the crowd offers a self-responsible of the project.
It's a beautiful relationship.
But we should all design lives and careers that are attached with the way we are connected.
And unfortunately, to the multiple people in a big part of them are being stuck on that they are just more like their specialized partners.
I once said this, if there is one thing that you get rid of this talk, I hope it is this: I know this with the inner wire, whatever it is.
If you are a heart specialist, then especially for all media.
That's where you will give the best of you.
But for the microbes in the room, including those who were just realizing of being one of them in the last 12 minutes, I say, recycling with their many passions.
They follow their curiosity for those control management.
Let me explore interactions.
About our inner talent is led to a more authentic and happy life.
And perhaps most importantly, multiplexia, the world needed us.
Thank you.
In the year 2001, a woman named Audience led to a psychiatrist in Francisco.
And he was scaled up and couldn't remember even the most basic details of his life.
His doctor was called Alason.
Albarians did not know how to help Australia, but I was flying for her until I was destroyed in 1900.
After his death, Galois did a supercomputer and they found strange dishes and eyes in the Bush brain, of a guy that had never seen before.
The most amazing thing.
If August had been alive today, we couldn't give it more help than the Algo gave him 14 years ago.
Latin was Dr. Algonic Alzheimer's Dr.
And Anonymous Detector, the first time to get a diagnosis we now call Alzheimer's disease.
Since 2001 medicine has been a lot.
They have been discovered antibiotics and vaccines to protect me from infections, many treatments for cancer, anti-to-day attacks for the carbohydrates and much more.
But shortly it has been prepared in the treatment of Alzheimer's treatment.
I'm part of a team of scientists who work to find a cure for Alzheimer's for over a decade.
So I think about this all the time.
Alzheimer's now affecting 40 million around the world.
But in 2050, it will affect 150 million that, by the way, including many of you.
If they wait to live until 85 or more, the ability to hire Alzheimer's will be almost one of two.
In other words, there is the chance that they spend their years later with Alzheimer's or helping to take care of a friend or want to be wanted to add.
In the United States, the care of Alzheimer's costs 200 billion dollars every year.
One of five dollars of medical assistance is spent in Alzheimers disease.
Today it's the most expensive disease, and its costs will prevent five times in 2050, as it aging the generation of the baby bathember.
It may surprise you, but Alzheimer's one is one of the biggest medical and social challenges of our generation.
But it's been relatively done to control it.
Today, one of the top 10 causes of death around the world, Alzheimer's is the only one that you can't be prevented, cure or even released their development.
We understand less from the Alzheimer's than other diseases because we've invested less time and money in the research of the same.
The U.S. government spends 10 times more every year in cancer research than in Alzheimer's despite the fact that it costs us more from Alzheimer's and causes a similar number of deaths like cancer.
The lack of resources is due to a more fundamental cause, the lack of consciousness.
Because this is what a few people know, but everybody should be -- Alzheimer's is a disease, and we can cure it.
For most of the last 144 years, everybody, even the scientists, confuse Alzheimer's with aging.
We thought it will be send in a normal and inevitable part of aging.
But there's only looking at a picture of an aging healthy brain compared to a patient of Alzheimer's to see the real physical damage caused by this disease.
In addition to getting a severe loss of memory and mental skills, the damage to the brain caused by Alzheimer's self-resolution specifically and it's always deadly.
Remember, Dr. Alzheimer's.
For almost a century, we didn't know a lot about this.
Today we know that they're made of protein molecules.
You can think of a protein molecule like a piece of paper that is folding as an origami.
There are places in the paper that are posture.
And when it folds right, these sticky dots end up in the inside.
But sometimes things go wrong, and some sticky dots stay on the outside.
So this makes the molecules of protein put together with each other, forming groups that can form big, graphics and grandfathers.
That's what we see in the patients brain with Alzheimer's brain.
We've spent the last 10 years at the Cambridge University trying to understand how this disability.
There are many steps, and the identification of what step to block is complex, like destroying a bomb.
It could do anything.
Cure others can make the bomb explode.
You have to find the right step that blocked it, and then create a drug that does it.
Until recently, most of you have reduced the wires and waited the best thing.
But now there's a diverse group of people, doctors, biologists, genetics, physicists, physicists, engineers and mathematics.
And together, we've managed to identify a critical step in the process. Now it's testing a new kind of drugs that block specifically this step to stop disease.
Let me show you some of our last results.
No one out of our lab has seen it yet.
Let's look at a few videos of what happened when you test these drugs in worms of them.
These are the healthy worms and you can see that they're moving with normal.
These worms -- on the other hand, have protein molecules that are stuck on each other within them, as in humans with Alzheimer's.
And you can see that they're clearly sick.
But when we give our new drugs to these worms in an early stage, then we see they sound and live a normal life.
This is just an early positive outcome, but research like this shows that Alzheimer's is a disease that we can understand and cure.
After 14 years of wait, there's real hope of what can be achieved in the next 10 or 20 years.
But in order to grow that hope, to beat the Alzheimer's, we need help.
It's not about scientists like me, it's about you.
We need to consider that Alzheimer's is a disease, and if we tried it, we can sell it.
In the case of other diseases, patients and their families have found more research and exercise pressure about governments, pharmaceutical industry, about scientists and legislations.
That was essential to fit in the treatment of HIV in the late 1980s.
Today we see that same unit to save cancer.
But Alzheimer's patients often can't talk about themselves.
And their families, the hidden victims of their loved loved day and night, are often too worn to go out and advocate for change.
So it really depends on you.
Alzheimer's not is, in most cases a genetic disease.
Everybody with a brain is running the risk.
Today, there are 40 million patients like Austria, who can't create the change they need for themselves.
They help talk about them, and help you demand a cure.
Thank you.
I published this article at the New York Times column, in January of this year.
In love to someone, do this.
The article is about a psychological study, designed to create romantic love in the lab, and my own experience by testing it myself a night last summer.
So the procedure is pretty simple: two strange people are turned to make 36 questions and more and more people and then both look at the eyes without talking for four minutes.
Here's a couple of questions of example.
Number one: If you could spend tomorrow with a quality or skill, what would it be?
Number 2: When was the last time you cry from another person?
And alone?
And as you get older, these are increasingly personal.
Number one: this really likes me -- tell your partner what you love to do or she -- I know very honest this time, and I gave things that you wouldn't say to someone you've ever met.
When I stumbled with this study a few years ago, a really called attention, the joke that two of the participants had been married six months later and invited all the way to the celebration.
So it was skeptical about this process of making romantic love, but of course, it was interesting.
And when I had the time to test this study, with someone who knew not particularly very well, I didn't expect to fall in love.
However, we fell in love with, and  And I thought it was a good story, so I send it to the University love for a few months later.
That was published in January, and now it's already an August -- so I guess some of you probably ask yourself, follow together in there?
And the reason I think you think of this is because they've asked me this question over and over again in the last seven months.
And this question is just what I want to talk about today.
But let's go back to the topic.
A week before the article was published, I was very nervous.
I had been working in a romantic book over the last few years, so I had been writing about my experience in romantic love in my blog.
But a blog entrance can get to a few hundred views like a lot, and those were usually just from my Facebook friends and imagine that my article in the New York Times will probably make a few thousand views.
And that makes a good burden of attention in a relatively new relationship.
But as he said, I had no idea.
The article posted online at night, and already Saturday, this happened in my blog traffic.
And the Sunday. I had been called the Solay Stone and the Google Microsoft God.
In one month, the article received more than eight million visitors and I was, to say something little bit prepared for this kind of attention.
One thing is to foster trust writing with substance experiences, but another thing is to discover that the loving life of one has been international news --  -- and people around the world are really interested in the state of your new relationship.
And when people call or write, what they did every day for weeks, they asked the same question: do you still keep together?
In fact, when I was preparing this talk, I did a quick search in my email with the phrase, "Can you still follow together?
And several messages appeared immediately.
They were students and journalists and strangers like this.
They interviewed me in the radio, and they asked me.
I just gave a talk, and a woman raised up to the stage, "Hey, Mandela where is your novel?
And I immediately put red.
I understand this is part of the treatment.
If you write about your relationship in an international day, you should expect people to feel comfortable wondering about it.
But I was not prepared for the shock of the answer.
The 36 questions seem to be contributed life itself.
In fact, the New York Times published a complementary article for San Vanioling, who included the experiences of the readers by testing the study in them with different degrees of success.
So, my first impulse to all this attention was to be very reserved with my own relationship.
I said not to every request that we both did a public approach together.
It took television interviews and recovered the pieces of pictures of us two.
I think I had a fear of becoming a little bit of the inner icon of the process of the process, a range for which I didn't feel at the absolute carefully.
And I understood that people didn't want to know only if the study worked, they wanted to know if it really worked -- whether it was able to produce enduring love, not only an adventure, but real love, federal love.
But this was a question that I was not able to answer.
My relationship had just a few months, and he felt about all, that people would pose the wrong question.
How do you know if we would go together or not, and do it stop it?
If the answer was no, I would make the experience of making these 36 less interesting questions.
Dr. Arthur Arab wrote first about these questions in this same study in 1997, and there, the research goal was not to produce romantic love.
Instead, I was looking for me to be able to start to start with an international approach between college students, using what Aaron called superior Africa, progressive and reception.
Sounds robotics, right?
But the study did work.
The participants were held closer after doing it. A lot of research studies were also used by the American rapid protocol as a quick way of creating trust and interaction between strangers.
They've used it between members of the police and the community, and they've used it between people of opposite political ideology.
The original version of the story, which I tried last summer, which combined personal questions with four minutes of visual contact, was quoted in this article, but unfortunately never published.
A few months ago, I was giving a talk in a small university of liberal arts university, and then a student came up to me and he said to me, "You know, I tried the study and didn't work.
He seemed disconnected by it.
And I said, "Do you want to tell you that you love the person with who did it?
Well, he made a pause ...
I think she just wants us to be friends.
And I said, "But became better friends?
Did you feel that they were able to know better after testing the study?
The anticipate.
So I said, "Well, I said.
However, I don't think that was the answer that he was looking for.
In fact, I don't think it's the answer that none of you are looking for when it comes to love.
I came up with the study for the first time when I was 29, and I was getting a really difficult separation.
I had had that relationship since I was 20, which I knew virtually all my adult life, and he was my first real love -- and I had no idea how it could live without him.
So I moved into science.
I investigate all I could find about the science of romantic love, and I expected that that could somehow vaccinate the heart.
I don't know if I realized this at the moment, I thought I just was seeing for the book that I wrote, but in retrospect, it seems really obvious.
I thought if I was interviewing with the knowledge of romantic love, I would never have to feel so bad and I used to feel like I felt then.
And all this knowledge has been useful in one other way.
I'm more patients with love. I'm more related to it.
I have more confidence to demand what I look for.
But I also can see me more clearly, and I can realize that what I'm looking for is sometimes more than you can be able to demand me to me.
What I'm looking for about love is a strong, not just to be loved today and to be loved tomorrow, but it's going to keep being loved by the person I love.
It may be that this is the phrase that people would ask when they wanted to know whether we were still together.
The story that the media told about the 36 questions is that there can be a shortcut to fall down.
There may be a shape in some way to mitigate something of the implicit risk, and this is a very appealing story, because in love with us makes us a wonderful feeling, but it's also traditional.
But I think when it's about love, we're very willing to accept the short version of history.
The version of the story that I asked, still still together?
And his content with an answer of Yes or not.
So more than a question, I would propose that we ask them more difficult questions, questions like, how do you decide who your love is and who doesn't?
How to stay in love when things are complicated, and how do you know when to cut and distributed?
How do you live with uncertainty that inevitably leads a relationship? Or even more, how do you live with the doubt of your partner?
I don't know necessarily the answers to these questions, but I think they're a good beginning to have a more reflective conversation about what it means to love anybody.
So if you want the short version of the history of my relationship, this is this -- a year ago, a met and I applied a study designed to create romantic love, we love ourselves, we still follow together, and I'm very happy.
But it is not the same thing that will remain ended.
Now increased is the easy part.
So at the end of my article I wrote, "Love didn't happen.
Let's go down in love because we take the choice to be.
And I shudder a little bit about reading this now, not because it's true, but because at the moment, I hadn't considered anything that was supposed to that choice.
I didn't consider how many times we would have two times to make that decision, and how much you have to keep doing that choice without knowing whether it will always pick me or not.
So I want it to be enough to have done and answer 36 questions, have you chosen to love somebody so generous and love and fun and express that choice in the largest daily in the United States.
But what I've done, instead, is to convert my relationship to the kind of myth that I don't really think.
And what I'm looking for, and what maybe my life is looking for is that that myth is true.
I want the happy happy ending on the title of my paper, which is, by the way, the only part of the article that I actually didn't write.
But what I have in change is the opportunity to choose to love someone, and the hope that he also love me, and it's attractive, but that's the deal with love.
Thank you.
I was raised by a few lengths in a mountain and in some way I got like a bank of the forest.
New York City does a time ago.  Something really affected me but more details later on.
I'll start with when I was eight years old.
I took a wooden box, and I put a bill out of a dollar, a pen and a fork in her somewhere in Colorado.
And I thought that some strange humanities or some aliens would find this box about 500 years later and learn how our species exchange ideas, for example, how we eat the spaces.
I had no idea.
And anyway, it's got thank you because here I am, 30 years later, and I'm still doing boxes.
At a moment I was in Hawaii. I like to go from excellence and make surfing and all those weird things, and I was doing a pollen for my mother.
And I took a dictionary and I opened up all the pages and made a sort of claim claim to the Agnes Martin, I covered them from resident and a bee was attached.
Well, my mother is afraid to the bees and it's attractive to them, so I added more resident in the canvas, thinking I could hide it.
Instead, the opposite happened: somehow it seemed like I got out of size, as if you look at the text with a lap.
So what did I do? I built more boxes.
This time, I started adding electronic elements, frogs -- strange bottles that I was finding on the street, all that I could find, because I was looking for things all my life, trying to relate them and tell stories about these objects.
So I got to draw around the objects, and I realized that God I can draw in space.
I can have failed flow. I can draw the same thing that you do around a curve on the scene of the crime.
And I took the objects and created my own spine of separate specific spinal.
First of all, buttons.
Then I did some insects and strange creatures.
It was a lot of fun to draw on the rescue layer.
And it was great, because I started riding exhibitions and those things, and I was making some money, to take my girlfriend to dinner, for example, going to Silicon.
It was supposed, man.
At some point I'm interested in the human form, substance sculptures with humanity of human beings within the layers.
It was great, except for one thing: I get sick.
I didn't know what to do, because the queen was going to kill me.
And I went to bed every night thinking about it.
So I tried to use glass.
I started drawing on the layer of glass, similar to drawing on a window, and then in another window, and another window, and I had all these windows together that formed a three-dimensional composition.
And this really worked, and so I could stop using the resident.
So I did this for years, and my work culture with something very big, which I call "phone."
For the "provider," I was inspired in the Greek of "Design of Discovery by Hussel Boston who is a painting in the Museum of Prazil in Spain.
You know?
Well, it's a fantastic picture.
They say it's a little bit ahead of their time.
Well, the prototype, to explain this piece.
weighs 11,000 pounds.
Five meters long.
It has double face, so it's 10 meters of composition.
It's a little bit weird.
Well, that's the source of the blood.
On the left is Jesus and the languages.
There's a cave where all these creatures with animals travel between two worlds.
They go from the world of representation to this salary of analog mesh where you hide it.
This is where the creatures with animal heads are headed up to the bottom, ready for mass suicide in the ocean.
The ocean is composed of thousands of elements.
This is a bird god tied to a targeted.
Bill Graham is on the sea. The Harry Hall Palestinian platform, the Marshall bin Laden, there is all kinds of rare things that you can find if you look very well in the ocean.
They also also have a kind of a woman.
It's coming out of the ocean, and it takes oil in a hand while that one of the other hand comes up with them.
Their hands are like balls and it looks like a motivation that keeps Earth and the cosmos in balance.
So it's an aspect of the antibiotic."
It's a little bit of a narrative a bit.
That's the hand in which it costs.
And then, when you go to the other side, it has a trade, like a little bit of bird and climbing cloud from this shot.
It also has a 500 foot tail, a store of snake that binds the correction."
Anyway, his tail looks at fire when I went on a volcano.
I don't know why that happened.
Things that go on, you know.
His tail ends up in a click of car cards made from terrorism cards.
Have you seen it?
They became done in the 1980s, as if they were baseball cards from the terrorists.
Very attached to their time.  This brings me to my last project.
I'm in the middle of two projects.
This is a six-year-old project to do 100 of these human beings.
Each one is an archive of our culture, through media and material being accurate, dictionaries.
But each of you acts as a kind of archive in a way of being human, and they travel in groups of 20, four or 12.
They're like cells, they get together, they divide it.
And you can walk between them. It's taking me years.
Each one is basically a microscope object that weighs 1,300 pounds with a human trapped inside its inside.
This has a little cave on the chest.
That's the head -- there's the chest, you can get it into the entrance there.
I'm going to take you over the rest of the body -- there's a waterfall that comes out of the chest, and it covers the penis or not the penguin, or whatever it has, a kind of an anger thing.
It's a quick refugee of these works because I can't explain them for a long time.
We have layers -- you can see.
This is a body in the middle of half.
This has two heads and it's communicating between the two.
There are some pills coming out and enter the head of this strange state.
There's a little forest scene within the Turkish cardiot.
Can you see it?
And anyway, this talk is about these boxes, like the boxes we live in.
We're in a box, the solar system is a box.
This brings me to my last box.
It's a brick box. It's called Penetral Worlds.
In this box there is a physics, a sensory, a painter, a musician, a writer, a radio emission, a museum, a school, an editorial arm that spread all the content we do in the world, and a garden.
We read the box and all of the people inside you with each other as particles.
And I think that's the way to change the world.
When you're a redefining who is and the box in which it's alive.
And together we get to realize that we're all together in this, that this illusion that we are different, these concepts of the countries, from borders, of religion, doesn't work.
We're all very made of the same matter and in the same box.
And if we don't start exchanging those things with cultural and genetically all we're going to die very soon.
Thank you very much.
What do you do when you give them your mind?
They take a bits.
But so that this pill has effect against pain, first passes for the stomach, the guts and other organs.
To take a pill is the most effective and individual system so that any drug services effect in the body.
The disadvantage though, though, is that you bring it out of any drug is silent.
And this is a big problem, especially in HIV patients.
When they take artificial drugs these things to reduce the amount of viruses in the blood, and increase the rest of China cells.
But they are also known by their adverse side effects, in their most negative, because in the time they are trying to get to the blood moon, they lean down, and worse even for the time they are going to get to their destination, which is where it's more important, in the HIV Desert.
These are regions of the body like the linear ganglies, the nervous system, the lungs, where the virus is interactively -- and it doesn't easily come into the new blood of patients that are being used to regular therapy with antiretroviral drugs.
However, after treatment, the virus can wake up and infect new blood cells.
This is the big problem of HIV treatment with the current drugs that is a life treatment for additional life.
One day, I sat up and I thought, "Can we get the treatment directly to the department of the virus, without the risk of diagnosis?
As a scientific expert in leaders, the answer was in front of me, the leaders, of course.
If you use it in a disconnect, for the humiliation of wounds and surgery, you can use for any wonderful thing, including the internal transport of drugs.
In fact, we're already using laser laws to open or drill extremely small holes that open and carry almost immediately the cells infected with HIV to introduce drugs.
The best you ask yourself, "How is that possible?
We send a small laser and powerful laser radio about the HIV members of HIV while these cells are embedded in a liquid that contains the drug.
The laser of the cell, while the cell absorbs the drug in a matter of microbes.
Before you even notice, the hole is immediately represented.
We're now testing this technology in vitro or on Petri plates, but the goal is to take this technology to the human body, apply it to the human body.
"How is that possible? You can ask.
Well, the answer is, through a three-dimensional device.
With the first head, which is our laser, we will make an incentive in the place of infection.
The second head, which is a camera, is running into the site of infection.
Finally, the third head, an injection that distributes the drug, releases it directly in the site of infection, while the laser is used again to keep the cells open.
Well, this doesn't seem much about time.
But one day, if it's successful, this technology can lead to total HIV eradication of the body.
Yeah. A cure for HIV.
This is the dream of all of HIV, in our case, a laser treatment.
Thank you.
In the last decade, I've been studying armed groups not stations, armed organizations like terrorists or instructions or military.
I document what these groups do when they're not spreading.
My goal is to understand better than these generation agents of violence and study ways to encourage the transition of violent participation to nonviolent deforestation.
I do work in the world of politics and in the library.
Understanding these groups is key to solving almost everything conflict, because the war has changed.
It used to be a state between states.
Not anymore.
It's now a conflict between the status and no governments.
For instance, from the 1620 performed peace reports between 1975 and 2011, 1960 were signed up between a state and a non-governmental actor.
So we need to understand these groups -- we even have to engage them or defeat them in any process of successful conflict.
But how do you do it?
We need to know what motivates these organizations.
We know very well for the reasons that they fight, how they do it, but nobody loves what they do when they don't fight.
The armed struggle and politics are related.
Everything is part of the same organization.
We can't understand these groups, not much less determined with them without a global vision.
Today's armed groups are complex organizations.
For example, the Meldber Meldber known for his violent performance against Israel.
From their creation in the 1980s, I Media has also established a political part, a network of social services and a military device.
Similarly, the Palestinian Hatrers, known by its suicide attacks against Israel, also administration the Gaza of Gaza since 2007.
So these groups make more than just shooting away.
It's multiplicating.
They set up a complex machine of communication, radio stations, TV channels -- Internet websites and strategies in social networks.
And here you have the Israel magazine, printed in English and published to recruit it.
And the armed groups also invest in a complex race of fundamental funds, but by really serious business companies, for example, building companies.
These activities are key.
They allow these groups to increase their strength, increase their funds, to recruit better and build their brand.
The armed groups also do something else: create stronger ties with their population investing in social services.
They built schools, they were adopting hospitals, they put together in terms of professional training or microbes.
He gets all of these services and more.
armed groups also try to conquer the population by offering something that the state doesn't go on." security and protection.
The rise of Taliban tongues in an Afghanistan deserted by war, or even the beginning of the island of HIV/AIDS can also understand the efforts of these groups for providing security.
Unfortunately in these cases, security has an immensely elevated price for the population.
But generally providing social services means filling a vacuum, a gap left by the government, and allows these groups to strengthen and increase their power.
For example, the electrical victory of 2006 from the Palestinian Hamas cannot understand the social work of the group.
It's a really complex stage, even in the West, when we look at the armed groups, we just think about the violent side.
But that's not enough to understand the strengths of these groups, the strategy or long-term vision.
These groups are husband.
They grow because they fill gaps by the government, and they emerge like armed and political groups, involved in violent struggle and give government.
And the more complex and the sophisticated are these organizations, less we can tell them as something else to a state.
How do you call a group like Moughtack?
They give me part of a territory, they manage all their functions, they pick up the garbage, they manage the analysis system.
Is it a state, is it a release?
Or maybe it's something else, something new and different.
And what is IIS here?
The lines are drawing.
We live in a world of states, with no heart and the hunters and the more weak the states, like in the Middle East, the more intervene and they fill that gap.
This is important for governments, because to counter these groups to have to invest more in not military tools.
Looking at that government gap has to be at the center of any sustainable approach.
This is very important to establish and consider peace.
If we understand the right groups, we will understand better what incentive to offer to demonstrate the transition of violence to nonviolent violence.
In this new dispute between states and non-state actors, the military power can win some battles, but we won't give peace and stability.
To achieve these targets we need long-term investments to fill that security vacuum to fill that gap.
Thank you.
I'm a failure as a woman and as a feminist.
My opinions about gender equality are ventures, but fear will be able to be able to be able to be a form of family for the feminism.
I'm a female, but I'm pretty bad.
And so I got a bad feminist of it.
Or, at least, I wrote an article and a book called "The bad members, and then in the interviews, people started calling me the Marie Feminist.
So what it started as a personal joke that I set myself together and a deliberate creativity, has become something larger.
Let me give you a step back.
When I was young, especially in my youth, and at the age of 20 years, I had strange ideas about the feminists, these furry women, angry with the men and they hate sex -- like that was a bad thing.
Today, I see what women are all around the world and anger, in particular, looks like a perfectly reasonable answer.
But at the time, I was worried about the tone that people were using when they were using that could be female.
Being tagged as a feminist was an event, a word taboo and displacement.
I was labeled as a woman who didn't follow the rules, who asked too much to be high subject and dare to believe that it's equal to a man.
Nobody wants to be that brain the woman, until it realizes that it's actually that woman, and you can't imagine being another person.
Over time, as I was growing up, I started accepting that I am, in fact, feminist, and also, proud of it.
For me, certain claims are regular, women are equal to men.
We deserve the same round for the same work.
We have a right to travel around the world as we want it, and free or violence.
We have right to use easy and accessible the contraceptives and reproductive services.
We have the right to decide about our bodies, no need from legitimate control or experimental doctors.
We have the right to respect.
There's more.
When you talk about the needs of women, you have to have our other ideas.
We're not just women.
We're people with a different body, expression of gender, religion and sexuality, social condition, skills and so on.
We have to have these differences and how they affect us, the same way that we have in common.
Without this kind of inclusion -- our feminism is nothing.
For me, these truths are evidence, but to be clear, I'm a disaster.
I'm full of controversialist.
There are a lot of things that make me a bad feminist of me.
I have another confession.
When I drive the work, I hear rap music would go to all volume.
Even though the degree degraded to women and I'm deeply opened by "The Sandy School at the yin Tanget Twitter is incredible.
Make it really talking to your fly bed.
Perfect, danger, drive until you smell your computer."
Think about it.
Hold poetry, right?
I'm completely monitored by my musical countries.
I believe in the work of the man, which is all that I don't want to do, including --  -- all the domestic tasks -- but also killing insects, the bar cover, the care of the court and the machine manipulation.
I don't want to have anything to do with that.
The pink is my favorite color.
I enjoy the fashion magazines and the basic things.
I can see "The Barbon: I can see the romantic comedy and I have a lot of sustainable fantasies of the stories that make it happen.
Some of my citizens are more disabled.
If a woman wants to adopt his husband, it's his choice, and I'm not who to judge it.
If a woman decides to stay home to raise his children, I accept that choice, too.
The problem is not that it becomes economically vulnerable through this same choice, the problem is that our society is confirmed so that women are emotionally vulnerable when they choose to.
So we solved this problem.
It reacts to the conventional feminism that has ignored or developed the needs of color women -- the workers and the working and triangles -- to white women -- demographics, middle and high women.
Listen, if that's good feminism -- I'm a very bad feminist phenomenon.
It also happens the following thing: As a feminist I feel a lot of pressure.
We have this tendency to put feminist feedback in a petricity.
We hope that they go down to the perfect.
When they tell us, we would deliver them with much like the same pilot where we put them.
As I've said, I'm a mess. I think I would get away from that patent before you try to put me there.
Too many women, particularly innovators and the leaders of the sector, are afraid of being tagged as females.
They are afraid to stand up and say, "Yes, I'm a feminist of fear of what that tag means, by fear of not being able to accomplish the little realistic expectations.
Let's take Behava, or as I call it, the God.
In the last few years, it's a decline from it.
In the Video Museum Airport African Africans, at MRI, acting in front of the word "members: three feet tall.
It was a magnificent show, to see this star star to open openly the feminist and to make women know the women and the young men who will be feminist is something to be proud of.
I spent time, cultural critics started international debate if Beat was or not exactly feminist.
They failed their feminism instead of just believing the word of an adult and mature woman.
We demand perception of the feminist because we're still fighting for a lot, we want a lot, we need a lot of it so conveniently.
We are far beyond the serious and conference critic to dissect the feminism of any woman, to destroy it until there is nothing left.
We don't need to do that.
The bad female female, or rather, a more inclusive feminist is the point of parasite.
But what happens next?
We're going to be able to recognize our hopes to tell you, going to action and be a little bit more.
If I listen to graduate music, I'm creating a demand for artists that would be more than happy to provide an unlimited supply.
These artists are not going to change their way to talk about women in their songs until we experience change affecting their profit.
It certainly is hard.
Why does it have your music to be so peaceful?
It's hard to choose something better and so easy to justify a worse choice.
But when bad decisions are supporting this makes it more difficult for women to achieve equality, the equality that we all deserve and is our responsibility.
I think in my sandwiches, three and four years old.
It's two major girls, decided and brilliant and very brave.
It's where strong creatures are approached in.
I think of them, all of a sudden, the best option would be visible as something much easier to do.
We can all make better decisions.
We can change the channel when a television program is treating sexual violence against the women as a sport of the Tenser game.
We can change radio emissions when we hear songs that treat women like nothing.
We can spend our money to go to the cinema in another part when movies don't treat women more than a decorative objects.
We can stop supporting professional sports where athletes treat their partners like bankers away.
In any case, the men, especially white men, shows you can say, "No, I'm not going to publish in your magazine, to participate in your project, or to work with you, until it doesn't include a enough number of women, so much to participate with making decisions.
I'm not going to work with you until your publishing, or your organization is more including a wider range of people."
Those of us who are surprised but invited to participate in these kinds of projects, we can also deny to being included until more like us are welcome to overcome the barriers to the decision property.
Because we're not metaphorically set. Without these efforts, without embracing these positions -- our achievements are going to mean very little.
We can make these little bits of courage and expect our decisions to get to the top, the people in the direct power and the producers of film and music and music, cybers, the legislations, the people that can make big decisions, more courageous, to create a durable and significant change.
We can also be able to be able to be able to apply our feminism -- well, wrong, or any of them.
The last line of my book, "And Majorcus Financial, says, "I would rather be a bad feminist to not be at all.
This is true because of a lot of reasons, but I say that, most of all, because my voice was stolen to me, and the feminist helped me get it back.
There was an incident.
I call it incidental to deal with what happened.
And some kids were happy when I was very young, and I didn't know that kids can do this to a girl.
I was treated as it was nothing.
I started to believe that it was not anything.
They broke my voice, and after all I don't dare believe I could say something that could matter.
But I was writing.
And then I went back to me.
It reminds me on a stronger version of myself.
And I read the words of those women who could understand a story like mine, and the women who looked like me and understand what it meant to live in this world if you have the brown skin.
I read the words of women who showed me it wasn't anything.
I learned how to write like them, and then I learned to write like myself.
I found my voice again, and I started to believe that my voice is powerful beyond what you can measure.
Through the writing and feminist, I also figured out that if I was a little bit, another woman could hear me and see that no one of us is the nothing that the world is trying to say we are.
In one hand, I have the power to do anything.
And in the other, I hold the humble reality that I'm just a woman.
I'm a bad feminist -- I'm a good woman, I'm trying to improve my thinking, what I say and what I do, without leaving everything that makes me human.
I hope we could all do the same.
I hope we can all be a little bit courageous, when you need a little bit more than a little bit more.
Right after Christmas last year, 123 children in California, they had search for Disney or to be exposed to someone who had been there.
The virus then runs the border with Canada, including more than 100 children in Queen.
One of the tragic things about this outbreak is that the measles that can be fatal for a child with a deliberate immune system, is one of the most easily preventable diseases in the world.
There is an effective vaccine against this for more than half a century -- but many of the kids involved in the Shris Shredit hadn't been vaccinated because their parents were afraid of something supposed to worse, autism.
But a moment was not the article that I debate politics about autism and vaccinated vaccines, discovering and made out of being a deliberate fraud by Britain Medical Jordan?
Does it not believe most intelligent scientists than the theory that vaccines cause autism is a super-summarized?
I think most of you know, but millions of parents around the world are still eating that vaccines put in danger to their children to have autism.
Why?
Here's why.
This is a graph of the estimates of autism in time.
For most of the 20th century, autism was considered a very rare disease.
The few psychologists and pediatrician who had heard about her they created all their professional life without seeing a single case.
For decades, prevalence emissions were just about three or four children for every 10 bullet.
But then, in the 1990s, the numbers started to shoot off.
The anti-powered organizations like authoritarian Austrian refer to reasonably autism as an epidemic as an epidemic, as if I could get rid of another child in Snowle.
What's going on?
If you're not the vaccines, what is it?
If you ask people at the Department Center Center in Atlanta, what's going on, they tend to be based on phrases like critical diagnostic critics, and a better detection of cases to explain these growing figures.
But that kind of language doesn't play a lot of the fears of a young mother who seeks in the face of his two years old, the visual touch.
If the diagnostic criteria had to wonder, why were they so reduced at the beginning?
Why were the cases of autism so hard to find before the 1990s?
Five years ago, I decided to discover the answers to these questions.
I learned that what happened has less to do with the slow and careful progress of science than the product of the narrative power.
For most of the 20th century, doctors told a story about what autism is and how it was discovered, but that story turned out to be fake, and the consequences of the same are having a devastating impact in global public health.
There was a second more accurate history of autism that had been lost and forgotten in the dark micro-controllers of clinical literature.
This second story tells us all about how we get here and where we have to go.
The first story I started with a child psychiatrist -- Leo Kanhatta, Hospital Johns Hopertica, in 1933, Kannatro published an article that described 11 young patients who had seemed to have private worlds.
They could be fun for hours by holding their hands back to their faces, but they were pressure of the panic of mensions like when they didn't put their favorite toy in his usual place without knowing it.
On the basis of patients treated in their clinic, Kannatro speculated that autism is very rare.
For the 1950s, as a major authority of the world in the subject, to declare that I had seen less than 150 cases of his syndrome while picking up reference from places as far as South Africa.
This is actually not extracting, because the criteria of Kenya for autism diagnosis were very remarkable.
For example, I was hoping to give that diagnosis to children with completely completely completely completely completely completely complex kids, but now we know that the epidemic is very common in autism.
Once he was hit that he had turned nine of every 10 children sent out of other doctors to his consumer to be autistic without having a diagnosis of autism.
Kenya was an intelligent man, but part of his theories were not curerals.
It claims autism as a child of child physicists caused by cold and started parents.
These kids, he said, have been careful in a refrigerator.
At the same time, though, Kenya noticed that some of his young patients had special skills that rise in certain areas like music, mathematics and memory.
One of the kids in their clinic could distinguish between 18 cents before I get two years.
When his mother put one of his favorite records, he correctly said, "Beautiful them.
But Kenya had a bad opinion of these skills -- looking at things like kids were simply recording what they had heard their parents, desperate to win their approach.
As a result, autism became a source of shame for families, and two generations of autistic children were sent to institutions for their own well, becoming invisible to the world in general.
And amazingly, it wasn't until the 1970s, that researchers started to test the Kansa theory that autism was weird.
Lord Window, cognitive psychologist in London, thought that the theory of Kansa New York was pretty stupid.
She and his husband John were warm and enough people, and they had a deep autistic daughter called Susici.
Korea and John knew how hard it was to raise a girl like Susicity without support services, no special education, and no access to other resources without a diagnosis.
To defend the National Health Service, they needed more resources for autistic children and their families, North and his colleague Judith Toder decided to do something that should have done 30 years before.
They made a study of prevalence of autism in the general population.
I painted a suburb from London called Cambridge to try to find autistic children in the community.
What you saw was clear that Kansa model was too limited, because the reality of autism was much more colorful and diverse to it.
Some children could not talk at all, whereas others were fascinated in their fascination by anthropology, in the dinosaurs or the genetic of it.
In other ways, these kids didn't fit in nice bits and attacked, as Julie said, and they saw a lot of them, much more than the Kenyan model of Kansa would have predicted.
At first, they were lost by trying to make sense of their data.
How did no one have been perceived from these kids before?
But then Lore found a reference to a paper published in German in 1945, the next year to the Kansa article, and then I forgot it, buried under the ashes of a terrible time that nobody wanted to remember.
Kannatro knew about this article of competition, but he avoided understanding to me in his own work.
There was not even a translation to the English, but luckily, the Nearla husband was talking German, and he brought it for her.
document offers an alternative story of autism.
His author was a man named Hans Astronomy, who led an integrated clinic with an inner school in Vienna, in the 1930s.
The ideas of Appenic for teaching children with learning differences were progressive even for contemporary standards.
The morning in their clinic started with music classes with music, and the children are following their games for the afternoon.
Instead of blaming the parents of causing autism, Ashana described it as a political disability of life that require compassionate forms of support and space spaces during the course of all life.
Instead of treating kids in their clinic as patients, Apple called them their little teachers, and it took to help the development of education methods that were especially suitable for them.
And unfortunately, apparently Apple saw autism as a very surprising array of dooms and a disability.
He believed that autism and autistic traits were common and they've always been looking at aspects of this continued in architects known to pop culture like the torn social scientist and the desert protest.
He was beyond even to say, that for success in science and art, a sense of autism is essential.
Northern and Judai found that Kenya was wrong when autism was incredibly, as well as parents were the causes.
In the next few years, they worked on silence with the American Association association to expand the criteria of the diagnosis that would reflect the diversity of what they called autism spectrum."
By the end of the '80s and early '90s, their changes were in vaccine, supporting the limited model of Kenya by a wide and inclusive Apple.
These changes are not standing on the room.
Interestingly, when Lord and Judith worked between bars to reform these criteria, people around the world see an autistic adult for the first time.
Before I go out Rand Man in 1988, just a small circle, they would fit by experts knew what the autism, but after the endless performance of Justice Huppover like Rapgbox Bobby and the Renaissance Bang with four of the Accentuation Prizes, open, psychologists, teachers and fathers all around the world knew what autism was.
At the same time, the first few clinical tests of using to diagnose autism.
I didn't have to have a connection with that little price circle to get a diagnosis for his son.
The combination of "Randon" Man: The changes in the criteria and the introduction of these evidence created a network, a perfect storm of the awareness of autism.
The number of diagnostics began to take up, just like Lord and Audience, actually hoped that it was, making people with autism and their families eventually got support and services that are deserve.
Then Andrew Walkark came to blame vaccines for the rise of displays. A simple, powerful, critical history as bad as the Mann theory that autism was interesting.
If the current estimates of the prevention center that one of every 68 children in America are on the spectrum, it's right, the autism is one of the largest minority groups in the world.
In the last few years, autistic people have been joined on the Internet to reject the idea that they are the puzzles for solving for the new medical advances -- the term neuroscience to celebrate the varieties of human cognition.
One way to understand nature is to think about terms of human operating systems.
The fact that a PC does not work with Windows -- doesn't mean it's broken.
According to autistic standards, the normal human brain is easily distributed, obviously social, and it suffers from a definition deficit to detail.
However, autistic people have difficulty to live in a world didn't build for them.
70 years later, we're still reaching Apple, which believed that the car for the most exciting aspects of autism are found in the understanding of teachers, entrepreneurs with ability, support communities, and the parents with faith in the potential of their children.
An autistic woman named Aurogatation Zays once said, "We need all the hands to cover to build the ship of humanity."
As we move towards a future uncertain future, we need all the forms of human intelligence on the planet to address the challenges that we face as a society.
We can't afford to waste a brain.
Thank you.
